of familiarity about the way in whi? h he had mentioned
Guy. Brother Jo e* ! In
beard, wate hing hi I i e. i;.- n a '-,.- i
leave th.- table he demande?! ?ternly:
"Car'Unc, where have you pen! this afternoon?"
Hut by now her handkerchief was up to her eve-.
"B-b-bcd r?Hun!" 1 ..n! vanished through
tin- doorway, leaving them doubtful a- t<> whether she
ha?! m win?! tin- question ??r given them the ad
: refuge.
Sila- ha! a nervous impediment in his speech which
caused him to pune tuate every two or three words with
a noise in the back of hi- throat, which sounded like
"Mew!" Whenever he mewed he coughed to di .
i*. and gazed behind him with a worried expre i"ti ?as
Icing a ghostly k
"Whi ' . inquired.
"|).?n't know," aid Joseph cro lv. "Hut I'll tell
you what: if you want her, you M !??
" I'll (mew) think ?I -. i," aid Sila ,
" You'll do nothing o' the ort!" snapped >>u? I
:- (he was gazing from the windoa oui across the
road. He wenl up to her kindly and laid hi- hand on
her shoulder.
"Car'Iine," he ?aid, "ain't it time you spoke to
She turned lu-r head impulsively and kissed hi
"<>h. Joe," she sobbed, "you don't understand!"
He drew up a chair and sat down beside her. " What
is it. Sister.*" he asked. "What is it 1 don't under?
stand? I- it some-tiling about this feller Guy?"
She- laughed hysterically, shaking her head, and then
pointed gravely with her fin* the rood. "It's
that." she aid. "Ever since I was a child I've- looked
out from these lame windows am.? seen jest that! And
I'm tired and I wan" to _ee life!"
When di.- told him what seeing life meant,?the
spen '. ng of a thousand dollars on a trip to Europe,?
lu- gai??! with ?astonishment. "One would think we
w.-re made of money, to hear you talk, Easter Car'Iine,"
he said.
"An' to hear you talk, Brother Joseph, one would
"?Sifter Car'line," SalJ Joseph. " You'U Beit Not Say Such Thln.i Outside ''
"You've thought it over these fifteen years and more,
and n '. most time you ? ame to the point. 1 )'vou want
her.'"
' Y- (mew). Tell her (mew)," laidSilas. Then, in
his nervousness, he might the kitten and, finding his
hat, departed.
A 1.1. tin??' were ini-s?-il from church that night, bate
?*?*? ?a the evening Joseph crept up taira to tell his
sister. Finding the door 1? ? kt < I on the inside, he ?post*
poned his news till morning. Even t" his prosaic mind
there- was something too gTO Iv unrotnanti? about
whispering .. lecond-hand marriage proposal through
a keyhole.
At breakfast, ten hours later, he- broached the ub
Bel ween ip of hot coffee he ?divulged his e- ret.
"Si Si ha Si ha made up hi- numl." He reached
out hi- hand nervously and removed a vase of Mowers
from the middle <>f the table, ?because it hid her face.
Then he wailed for her reply.
"Made up his mind!" she inquired, Hushing. "To
what has he made up his mind?'
"I'reel-ty ("?mmI! Waal, I ?all that preet-ty good,
after near twenty jreai of oourtin*. To what should
he have made up his mind.' To get married, surely!"
"Has he, indeed, Brother? And to whom.'"
Joseph regarded her solemnly. "Waal, it isn't to
me," he drawled; "so maybe it's to you."
"I ?^ins.s not!" said ?Caroline with a toss of her head.
" I'm to?, ?young for Silas."
Joseph tugged at hi? beard and tnorted, ?c -ure sign
that he was alarmed and that his temper would soon
rise. He pushed back his chair and, controlling himself,
said quietly, "Carline, you jest guess again; an'nexl
time you guess retneniUr just how old you wen- last
birthday."
"Age don'l go by years nowadays," she replied tartly:
"it goes by how you feel."
A Id. that week she sat in her bedroom and read (luv.
** Her spirit was elated and her imagination on tire.
She wondered how it was she could have lived in such
ignorance of Europe. She pictured what life Would
mean with Silas, just Bethlehem to the end <>f her
days,--and then she started in to study the Atlantic
sailings.
< ?ne evening Joseph came home and found her seated
by the parlor window, surrounded by guidebooks. She
had grown much younger in appeaiWM? of late, ni<>re
vhraOOUS aiul.exciteil, and more juvenile in her toilet.
He w.is pleased with the change; though he wouldn't
have owned it f"r the world. She di?l not turn when he
suppose we didn't have enough to cover our heads."
"Hut how all? m! Silas?" he asked.
"I'll answer Silas when I come home."
AM) so she drew OUt one-fifth of ln-r savings from the
**?**? hank and saile-il for Prance, to discover life. What
precisely she expected t>> find over there, I'm sure I
don't know,?perhaps a husband, a tragic- fellow like
one of those- de-pie ted by Guy. Certainly she ho|K-d
that he was going to meet the great adventure of ln-r
career.
I picture her as a gentle old sheep, somewhat stiff in
the flint -, self persuaded she was a lambkin, and doing
the- best to persuade others by gamboling her way
through Europe.
He-r French author had led lier to suppose that the
Continent was the Imme of the gaily wicked and the
desperately gallant. I un thankful to say that she met
with no one who was so unkind as to undeceive her.
She- had fled from Bethlehem to escape virtue, because
it had made her tired. Had she found \irtue primly
seated on the wharf, waiting for her on the other side,
the romance- of her journey would have been Utterly
ruined.
It speaks volumes for the deep down goodness of man
kin?! thai all her kindred sheep, when she frisked toward
them, guessing the purpose- of he-r errand, 1 suppose,
promptly donned wolf's clothing to oblige lier. She
wrote home entranced and delighted. According to her
account, all the women she met either smoked or had
smoked, and all the men fell in love with he?r and drank
champagne. Such information gave Joseph the fidgets.
He read me extracts from her letters and sought mv ad?
vice. Hut later .m, when she- recorded lier friendships
with Countesses and Dukes, he- plucked up spirit an?!
began to boost with not unnatural pride.
" Waal," he would -ay, " I had no idee that our Car'
line was so attractive to foreign folks. I guess we ain't
Vttlooed lu-r right. I)i?l you notice- ?what the Count said
to he-r. I'reet-ty good! I call that preet-ty good! She's
jest provin' what I allus told her, that we Bethlehem?
it?- could hold OUT end up as high as any of them aristo?
crat of durned old Europe."
Silas Jephcott was often present at these readings, and
would m.-w hi- indignant surprise. He was a weak eyed
little bachelor, tenacious of the habitual. Now that his
habit of Caroline was broken, he was experiencing love
in all its frenzied jealousy for the first time.
Caroline's passionate pilgrimage, as recorded in her
letters, tended to increase in intensity as her absence
lengthened Whether it was that her imagination ex?
panded with use and her narrative style improved, or
that her joints grew more supple, so that hei
became more effective ami drew more atU m to her,
it is not for me to say; but my tx-lief is thai I
to Bethlehem more adventures than she i a
Europe. *
HER love affairs were incessant. She, wl : r
**?**' the- weak eyed ?Sila-, had passed unnoti ?
in Bethlehem, was HOW importuned by then
Her first affair was very mild. The Cap? lin : the
steamer that took her over told her at parting
would never forget her eyes. She showed hi f
ful and satisfied' but rebuked him gently by ing
that such remarks were not considered qiHl
in the social circle of which she was the hub in A
Her second took place at a Parisian ?boarding
it began as the first had ended, with u rebuke. After
dinner the ladies had retired from the table, lea*
alone with the men- she could not think whj She
Stayed longer, because the dessert was good and Wgg
paying seven dollars a week and she was atudou
her money's worth. A young Englishman who I
her a goo?l ?leal of attention asked her whether
jected to their smoking and drinking champe," I
think in this case, at least, Cousin Caroline mu
meant just plain Wine.) She tol?l him ves, -i
Strongly objected: in the social circle in wi
moved in America etc. After which they all r
the table, and bowing to her politely left the r> i
The suspicion grew upon her as she lay aw..'
night that she liad expressed herself too pronoui
First thing next morning she seized the opportui
explain to the Englishman the strictness of A'
social conditions which had prompted her ?
that attitude. She asked him to request (he 01
tlcmen to stay at table with lier as long u tl
and to conduct themselves as was custotiiar\ v.
nation.
The Englishman was very nice about it:
fact that he broke through his incognito and confi I
her, under ?pledge of secrecy, that m England he
Duke. After that matters advanced rapidly, and
had many intimate c-onversations. They went on ..
tourist trip by boot throng!) the Paris -?wer-,
which she turne?! faint and afrai !. He placed his arm
about her, and that was the climax.
At parting he kissc?l her hand tenderly and il
her, if ever she crossed the Channel, to visit him a' tl
Mansion House, W lieh lay in the heart of his ar.
estate.?. She had thought at first of doing so; but
sideling the rapid progress their friendship :
so short..t time,out of deference to Silas had com?
conclusion that such, a course would not be wise.
Wherever she traveled in Europe, she Kit
hearts behind her. There was a Russian B< '
Lucerne who conducted lier over his chateau, I
ing to her that everything was hers if she would
wife. The chateau was very ancient, and you ]"?::
an admittance ticket for a franc at the gate. The I
man was so eccentric that he insisted on buying ?
for himself before entering his own home.
In Italy she was specially triumphant. Italian-, !?< ing
a swarthy people, were astounded at her golden
In the stores men addressed her as "Madonna,"
Squeezed her tingers in handing her her change, and even
went down ?m their knees before her when they found
that their love words were unintelligible; that is, they
did in the Bethlehem version. In the streets ?|
positive annoyance the way folks stared after lier.
Whenever she went out after dusk in Rome, casements
would By open, ami voues sigh, and Howef! fl
down to her.
CILAS ami Brother Joseph ?between them made Car?
v"7 line the talk of Bethlehem. lb r letti :-. when they
came, made them so excited that they couldn't keep
Ottiet: they had to go outside ami "blow." a- brother
Joseph put it. Cousin Caroline found on her return
home that they had blown her from the little, female,
unmarried nonentity that she was when site went awav.
into the notoriety of a regnant Buiopeai
her adventures were known; so that even in r own
home town, where reputations are BO grudgM1
Cepted, she ha?l become an important personage. W hat
ever she chose t?? add, by way of embroidery, to the in?
formation already in hand was received with thankful*
ncss ami credulity.
When Silas came round to renew hi- proposal, she
smiled on him with a languid worldly wise kindness; but
eould venture to give him no hope. She betook herself
to learning, and was often heard to say that she lived
not in Bethlehem but in her books.
AT the end of a year the wander fever seized her
"??*? again. She had been reading about Greece and be*
came crazy to go there. Upon inquiry she Ml dlSCOO*
certeil to discover that Greece was not considered a safe
country for a lady to travel in without a bale escort.
She proposed to Joseph that he should accompany rn-'r.
He had In-come very submissive of Lite, and she thought
at first that she- might persuade him. But Joseph shook
his head slowly and s.ti?l: _
"No, Sister Car'line. I'm a modest man, an' ?M
reck'leet those pictures of statu'ry you showed me, its
a glace where thev don't wear clothes."
He sat silent, thoughtfully stroking his lx*ard; then
his face lit up with sudden inspiration. "Tell you what
I'd do if I w.is you: I'd Like Silas."
Five minutes passed by in which neither spoke.
Then she turne?l her face away from him and inquired
briefly, "Kind o' honeymoon?"
"Waal?ves."
She snioothc.1 out her dress with the palms of her
hands and hesitated. "Boor old Si!" she whis?>ere.l.
"Yes, 1 guess I might."