and be- a man among mea I could, you know. I'm
weak and soft as I look. But what chance have
I ha?!. ' ' ight up among women in a fancy goods
store' . ?. when the lug department stores crowded
us out and we had to close, and Mother died?-well, I
had t-? ? nig. And all Aunty would let me try
was sun ?."_phv; so I ?I'm that. Hut I'm through!
There' . ?old notebook!" Ami bong it goes,
the room. "Drat the beastly pencils!
AlKv . ? .ver of 'em against the safe. "I.urn the
gUty] ?'!" With which he ?lands a kick on
the tin : the machine.
?Pine!" I- "Hut what next.-'"
?Why, Algy, "now I'm going home and tell
Aunt Hal '1 start tomorrow to be a cowboy."
?Algy, I. "don't."
"But I ays he. Algy has his chin up too, and
his aux _, ami there's a ?businesslike look to
the w.r. his jaw.
?Just v,"..ivsl: "but k-mme give you this
tip; V :; among them flannel shirts two
davs b il have vou skinned alive. \\ by,
Algv, I know voti'.l l>e as welcome on _some
ranch a al in a roomful oi fox terriers' Go on,
Algv; i're jumpin' across the prairie s<?mc
night, eyes bugged ?and a bunch of frolicsome
beef i??? hind tryin' to shoot the heels off your
sho.-. mber that you was warned."
-p. Algy. "Cowboys don't do that sort of
thing r . you know. Besides, if it comes to
that, 1 I do a little shooting ?too."
?Wl i. "an air rifle?"
And the firs! time I'd ever fetched a pout
our . ' "Sc !:? ? he. "Von cune up to
H. h me now, and I'll show you whether I can
sh.i ' ?
vjrr .:.. I let Algv tow me up
" toai I Stood one side while
the boi m that he seemed to keep
reserv? - ny ,22-short affair, bul a
? .vi-- life siaed bullet-. And,
while 1 ain"' . 1 hould say by the way Algy
: ii]) the clay pipes that he was
?
"i, I. "You must have burned some
powdi ?
he. "It ?was nearly five years ago
that h !i me to ihoot." . _
"Wha lin* them buclrin' bromos, though?b
says I. v they don't herd teer- in taxi, ab .
?But 1 me too," says Algy. "You shall
see. Coi i ip to Morland's."
?Mori I. "Say, Algy, why the dis?
guise.' \'. . 'n't you tell us you was a plute sport.
"I'm ? veiling instructors there, that's all,
says h. rse, I had to pay at first; but I got
them . lesson, at od?l times for half price.
An!, - . ? '?,rough* in a new mustang that's
rather h. If you don't mind waiting a few minutes,
too, I'll g my cowboy costume and bring out my
lariat."
Sav, U_ -i?? ho! air about Algy's talk. He pro?
duced tb I couldn't hardly belierve it was him,
tither. . fringed things on his legs, and the
spurs tl !e brimmed hat. Honest, he looked
?Spart, tant- lie did on that wicked eyed little
mustang uldn't believe. Then when it come to
the la-.. he had me with my tongue out for
fair. Y em twirl the roj>c in them gunpowder
show- ?? to have at the Carden, makin' a loop
andjum;,; ,Ugh it. and all that/ Well, what does
Algy do p the blamed pony through his loop,
M<1 him in addle all the time.
"And you mean to sav you've always lived in New
York, too? ,-s I.
?I've i west of I'aterson," says Algy. "But,
you see. ? the sort of thing I've iived tor. I V*
?pent all n pare time and money on it. so as to be
?^ady Whei hon? ?? I ame. Now, take throwing the
rope; an ? whom I found working in a livery
?able taug I me to do that. But I had to ?practise
hours 01 ?n and week out. I was bound to
Set it. though."
"Cue-- ,,,? have," savs I. "Algv. you're a wonder!
Still, when it comes to ?nixin' with one of them ranch
crowds, I . ? ,, your finish."
.Oh. I K ,. I an take care of mvself," says he. "I m
P?ng to try, anyhow."
J EXPECT, too, if it hadn't been for this little session
with Algy, I'd never noticed the argument a pair of
gents wai lavin' in the seat across from me, ridin' down
"> the s?. ... ,,. One wa8 ;t tall, flashy dressed party,
and the other was a short, thickset duck that answers to
the name of Mandelbaum and convenes mostly with
???s hands.
JjVell, fir.- him, Vy don'?! you?" says Man.lclbautn.
After me bringin' him dear on from San Antonio to
Pay the part* says the other. "You said get the real
thing, an.' .-. Anyway, he has a reputation as a
pn '-,:hter, and daims to be the champion bronco
jjwteran.l lariat juggler of ten counties. Hut he- n
three rehear sals this wc-ek, and we can't have him spoil
t?ree thousand feel of films on us, can we?"
Veil, I,,-,. (nill |m. him!" m as?s Mandelbaum,
?ut, my ?!e.,r man," says the other, "I can't go out
?? Hl"oad_ay and pick up* cowboys at a moment's no
.p -woo can I get ?o fill hjapboe?"
excuse me for buttin* in," says I, "but maybe I've
l?t the answer."
It was a l.rassy thing to do, I admit; but I'd got
"?re or less int'restcd in Algv's cas?-, and it was worth
inC- V Afu'r starin* a minute they gave me an open
? an.l f.r.t thing I knew we was each statin' our case.
Seems this Mr. Kreegan, which was the name of the
other gent, was up against it. He was manager of a ln^
movin picture outfit an?l had a bunch of forty people
somewhere over on Long Island rehiarsin' for one of
them film dramas, -"The* Cowboy's Wooing," or some
thin)* like that.
He explains how they was sparin' no expense to get
the right people for the leadin' roles, which was why
he'd brought on this Red River Hill from so far away.
Hut Hill had K(,t the shine of the white lights in hi
so had he couldn't see anything dimmer'n illuminated
caf? sij-ns. and be wa'n't lettin rehearsals bother him
at ?all. Hence the furrowed brow on Kreegan. Also
that was why he was willin' to listen to my ?description
of Algy's stunts.
"Hull!" says he, after I've sketched out the sluK.tin'
gallery and ridin' academy ai ' . "Hut is he the real
thing?"
"Ah, lay! says I. "Would I know him il h?' was?
llonrit. lie Liioked
,. tatna. ut?** ? thc part A|, R(iht
Cours?' he ain't. Hut he can look the part, and when it
?onus to puttin' up ?a ?lassy Wild West performance -
well, you ouj-ht to -e?' him, that's all."
"Vv nod? says Mandelbaum. "Maybe ve could ;:??'
him cheap."
"That's so," says Kreej-an. "See here, Son, when
could we ?"
"Rij-ht now," says I. "Here: change at 14th and
jump an uptown express. We'll catch him before he
leaves the academy.
TT was a queer thing for me to he dein', towin' a pair
*? of stranj-ers ?-?? to meet ?Algy; hut that story of his
about how heM always wanted ?a chance to play the
real man kind of got me shinnyin' on Ally's side.
Course, I knew he didn't have it in him to make ?good
as the genuine article; but here was an openin' that
seemed to fit him to the life. Actin' the cowboy would
probably satisfy all that secret yearnin' of his; and,
anyway, it would he a lot safer for him.
So, inside of half an hour Algy was gOtn' through his
whole bag of tricks again. Did he make a bit? why,
Kreej-an w,as tickled to death!
"Great!" says he. "He's the sli? kesl r??-??' handler in
the busines ?. and if we ? an get those ?stunts ?>n the films
we'll have 'The (in.it Train Robbery' beaten to a
frazzle. How about offering him seventy-five a week?"
"Make it fifty," suggests Mandelbnum.
And, in ?pite of my tryin' to give Algy the holdout
signal, he signs up for that <>n the s|K.t. Can v?u
blame him? He'd been drawin' down about that much
a month at th?' CoiTUgat? d.
"Good!" says Kreegan. "There's a check for the
fitst week in advance. Report at ten slurp tomorrow
morning: I'll hunt up k<-<! River Hill and lire him to?
night. He'll be ?.??re, I expect; but if he comes around
making any trouble I'll have him pul away."
Win? h last remark begins to worry nie ni?.re or I? ss,
rij-ht from the ?tart. Course, 1 wa'n't exactly respoO?
sidle for Algy*S gen'ral health; but if I'd lieen and let
him in for a muss with this Hill party, and anything
sudden should haonen well, it wouldn't b<- nice.
"Look here, Mr. Kreegan," nya I, tamn' inm
?.ne side, "ni-t remember thai my friend ain't
u ied to bein' handled rough."
"Oh, we'll look out for him, all right," says
Kieegan. "And I'm much obliged to you tor
patting us next. Reckon I owe you five ?>r so
as a i ommi tsion for?"
"Nix." says I. "Spend it on keepin'Algy from
gettin* pun? tured."
A NI) th.e more I thought the thing over, the
?^^ une.isier I got. My first move, of course,
is to tell (?Id Hi. k'?r>- what had be? orne of his
private stenographer, .andas soon as he found
be'd gol ?rid of him for good, he begins remera?
berin Algy's good points, toa Also hi hs 'he
same-suspicions I do about what this I** ? ? ? River
j-iiit migbl hand to Algy if begot fu-.--.iii" around.
Abdul the-third day after he i .ills tne in and
wants to kii'ivv if I've heard anything from
Algernon.
"No! a word," says I. "There ain't been any
a?counts in 'lu- papen, either."
"A case of that kind might be hushed up,
though," savs Mr. Kllins. "Meanwhile, there's
no ti Hing what they've ?lone- to him, he's such
a helpless creature. I'll tell you, Torehy, you
had better look up this moving picture firm and
make some inquines."
That was enough for me. With a chilly fcclin'
down the spine I starts off to find out the worst.
They had a Broadway office, and I pikes ri?-ht
for it. By luck I nails Kreej-an just as he's
comin' out of the "entrance.
"Hey, von!" savs I, ?"rabbin' him by the elbow.
"I is Algy all rightr
"Is he" avs Kreegan, rubhin' his hands en?
thusiaxtn . "Why, he's a top?tier! We're tryin'
ti him iij? for a two years" cuntract."
"linn h?' ain't been shot or carved up by
BoojEV Hill vet.'" says I.
"What, him.'" savs Kreci'.an. "Well, hardly!
(?h, Hill i ami- around, all ri^ht, loaded for
trouble-: but he hadn't much more than stated
his grievance and let out a few yelps before that
Algy cif yours had roped him and dragged him through
a . r.-ek. Yes, Sir, slam bang through four fed of muddy
water, and if we'd ha?! the picture- machine trained on
the scene I'd have given a thousand dollars. Hill.'' The
last we saw ..f him he was headed southwest, running
like a scared pup. Say, you can trust Algy. All I wish
is thai we could count on him for the resl <?f the season.*1
"Why, he ain't coin' to quit, is he?" ays I.
"I'm afraid so," says Kreegan. "It's all Mrs. Mana
gan's fault Panhandle Kate-, you know, who does the
fancy gun shooting for us. She's a widow, and quite a
looker. L's.-d to tiav.l with the big tent shows; but
now she owns a ranch of her own down in tin- long grass
country, and she onlv does this for the fun of the thing.
She to. k a shine t?. Algy that first day, and they've been w
getting thicker and thicker ever since. It's a match, I
reckon, and as soon as we run off this set of films I ex?
pect they'll both be quit ting. YoU* Algy will be bossing
a fifty-tin.usand-dollar ranch by this time next month.
And, say, I pity the fresh cowpun. her who. picks him
out for a softy. He's more or less of a man, Algy is."
What do vmi know,.h.-' Algy! Thinkofit! Well, wishin'
and tryin' will do wonders sometimes, won't they.''
HELPS TO A SHORT LIFE
_?_
By EUGENE L. FISK. M. D.
The Bird of Time has but a little way
To flutter,?and the Bird is on the Wing.
?Omar Khayyam.
ONE help to a short life is the philosophy of Omar,
if you take him literally. Hut there is good
r.a-on for thinking that this persuasive singer did
not practise what he- sang. It is rcjx.rted that Omar
was really a very resjnctable old gentleman, more likely
t.. be found under a tree with a scroll of parchment
than with the "Jug," the "Loaf," or the "Thou" so se?
ductively pictured in his quatrains. No doubt he was
simply an untamable insurgent, striking at cant, hy
pocrisy, and superstition with ,-u. h weapons as he could
find.
Nevertheless, there is a beautiful collection of texts
in old Omar to back up the votaries of "a short life and
a merry one," and it is the duty of the neurologist to
denounce him.
Here an?I ihc-rc- a pagan spirit arises who can put
some real living into slow suicide; but to the philosophic
medical min.i the average "short an.! merry" existence
is a stupid, sordid affair, resembling nothing mi mut h
as a prolonge?! epileptic lit, when it is not resembling
general anesthesia.
While it may seem like stating the obvious, ne \e ri I e -
less, for the benefit of some- people, it is necessoty to
point out that all trustworthy mortality statistics of il e
"primrose path." or, if you please, the "Ci.cat White
Way," should take into account not only the- gray
haired survivors at the end of the route, but the Wieda
that are strewn along the way, skulkers ami deserters
from the real tiring line of existem e.
Life insurance companies, keenly alive to mortality
waste, are a. customed to scrutinize the "moral hazard."
It is not uncommon for a man with plenty of money and
a sound physique to knock in vain at the <U_.r of a life