A CAPTAIN UNAFRAID
PART VII.
Narrated by CAPTAIN JOHN O'BRIEN to HORACE SMITH
CAPTAIN GENERAL WEYLER. Spani h Vicero)
? .1\ .iiij-ry by tin
Laui
a --re. ng i : < 1c iii-ra
Rolofl t Bat v of
iridiar.
large n ...
on the
drew down further d
? ?ugh an Ai ? ? wspapei
man Itatiol H to 1 avi mi
hangi This ? hol? ri a isuram c
for there i r **
doubt in i if 1 w?n
captured, an?! the mannet ? ution made little
?lilTer??:.- ? Bu1 I wa nnoycd by
that I would Im o 1 boughtlc ! as to allow his men to
get the il
"Cap? in U'Briei
diminutive eommander of all ,ihe Spani h foi
Cuba, hall in reply to ome qrfi ?tion eoncerning the
landing at Banes; "bul his very daring will eventually
?deliver him into ?our hand . Sooneroi hall gel
him, and when we do, in t? ad of ha\ ing him shot along
with his Cut-an companions, I am going to have him
ignotniniou ly hanged from the flagpole ai Cab
full vi N'oii ? ..ti communicate that in
formation to him u you wish. II?- mighi be interested
in knowing what i- in ?-ton- for him; I rely shall
capture him ome day."
Cabanas is the old fortress, once ii pregnable bul
now only a magnificent ruin, in which 1 ??' in n
known ni to bi in ympothy with the revolt
were lined up again il a wall and ihol almost every day
during the war. The rampart along whii h the e execu?
tions and murders took place, the granite blocks spat?
tered with blood and nicked by lens of thousands of
Mau.er bullets, was subsequently decorated with a
bronze tablel inmemorj ol the patriots who died there.
W> ' was promptly conveyed to me, with
anatnu ?ng description of the dramatii efTecl with which
?1 aras delivered. ?Through the same channel I sent back
this reply:
"To show my contempt for you and all who take
orders from you, I will make a Ian ling within plain
sighl o? Havana on mj nexl trip to Cuba. I may even
land an expedition inside the harbor and take you
away a prisoner. It we ihould capture you, which is
much more likely than that you will ever capture me,
I shall have you chopped up into small pieces and fed to
the tin's of the Dauntless.
Th? coll? Indine SO tion O? thi I OS intended
only as an ironical reply to Wcylcr's empty threat;
but he took it seriously. When it was repeated t?, him
he flew into a rage ami denouni ed me as a "bloodthirsty
daredevil."
Un oui no.' expedition, which followed closely on
the heel, of tin- exchange of complimenl -, I made ?good
my promise, and il was only by a mer?- chance that
Weyler escaped being blown t<? puses by some of the
dynamite win? h was landed within easy reach of the
big guns thai guarded his palace.
""PHI'., newspaper man through whom this diverting
correspondence was conducted was one of the most
useful of our secret supporters. While, b?ni''an Ameri?
can, he was supposed t?> sympathise with the rebels,
the full extenl of his friendliness was not suspected; so
he managed to maintain the pleasant relations with the
Spanish authorities that his work required. He used to
take long Bailing trips, ostensibly only for pleasure;
but more than once he met u> oil I.obos Key light?
house, which was one of our outpost-,. I.obos Key is a
tiny coral to. k at the southerly edge of the Mali.una
Hank .o?'1 less than twelve miles from the Cuban coast,
a little ?..-' of midway of the island.
On account ?>i its location it was a favorite loafing
place for the Spanish gunboats, whose commanders
wen- much ?given to ?graft. Instead <>t taking on the
three hundred ?.r four hundred toniol coal they were
supposed t?. consume on a i mise, they would purchase
only hall i much, and pul the money tor the other half
into their pen kets. Then they would anchor olT Lobos
Key, with banked fires,until tney had theoretically con?
sumed the . oal they hadn'l bought, when they would
proceed to tin- ?ast or w?st. Ii was nothing unusual for
tour or live of these thieving warships t" be ruling at
anchor in tin- soft spot at on?' time.
The bol..,- light was kepi by an old Englishman and
his nephew, and one of 'h?' tust ihiiij-s I did, when our
organization got down to business, was to establish an
amicable arrangemenl with them; win? h was easy, for
they despised the cowardice and crookednesi of the
Spaniards. We carried down fresh Vegetables and deli
caciea tor them on every trip, and in return they kept
us posted a t?> the movements of the gunboats, we
also Ufled the lighthouse as a postoffice, ami messages
wen- lett there for us bv our newspaper correspondent
ally and by the Cubans, who, when tin- ?oast was clear,
Bailed across the narrow channel in their little sloops.
Eventwally the Spaniards discovered thi- scheme, and
shortly before the Maine was blown up they made rep?
resentation?, to ti*..- Hritish Governmenl which resulted
in the removal of the friendly lighthouse keepers.
The keepers of the light at N?.rth Elbow Key, or
Double Headed Shot Key, as it is known among sailors
Fearful of the Pounding. Tht> II ul Dumped the D>namite Overboard.
.m a? count o? the formation of the island, also gave us
much information concerning the warships seen around
Salt Key Hank, another of their idling places, though
. popular as Lobos Key; for it was n..i so con?
veniently situated, We stopped al one or both of these
lighthouses in advance of nearly every landing, to get
the latest ?bulletins as to what the warships were doing.
With this information it was ordinarily a comparatively
simple matter to dodge them. They had to be taken
into our cal? illations, of course-; but they never cause?!
me much anxiety. It was oiilv when we were- making a
landing at some point from which we could not easily
run away that I regarded them as an element of ?langer.
DRBPARATI! >NS for another expedition were begun
as soon as the I.aura.la returned from her trium?
phant trip to Bones. The .evolution was going along
splendidly, and the only cry heard from the held was an
insistent call for more arms. Hy this time the number
of Secret Service men, I'ink.-rton detectives, special
Tre-asury agents, Spanish spies, am! heterogeneous
hounds of all grades and colors who were making fran?
tic efforts to get some clue as to what w. were doing,
had been increased from scores to hundreds. They were
so thick around New York ami Jacksonville that, though
they found out nothing, we could not turn round with?
out falling over one or two of them; so we temporarily
transfe-rre-d our base of operations to Wilmington, North
t anilina.
The old schooner John I). Long, which was laid up
there- after having done service as a pilot boat in hi-r de?
clining years, was chartered with the intention of load?
ing lier with anus and having her towed to within e-asy
distance of Cuba; luit she could carry only seventy
tons, while- the- cargo that had been ordered for this
trip weighed nearly one hundred tons and was valued
a; eighty thousand dollars. It was therefore decided to
carry our coal supply on the schooner and put the arms
on t lu- ocean going tug Alexander Jones, which had been
engaged to do the towing. With her bunkers practi?
cally empty ami taking her coal from the schooner
every ?lay or two, the Jones could carry the- cargo with?
mit any trouble.
The two carloads of arms and ammunition were
shipped from .New York to Jacksonville; but were
dropped out of the train at a little junction point, in
accordance- with a telegraphic order from Fritot handed
to the conductor at the transfer station, and slipped
over to Wilmington. They were run out on the pier of
the Wilmington &? Newbe-rn Railway, in the southern
part of the eitv, when-, mi th.- night of May 1.'!, their
contenta wen put aboard the Jones.
When the tug was being loaded one of oui
brought word thai some customs officers wereapi
ing the wharf and thai the revenue- cutter Merrill was
getting up -team; so we put out at once, leaving 3
small par: of th.- cargo behind in one of the cars.
was quickly locked and sealed. Tin- Jone- it< i
slowly down tile- river, an?!, though she passe-d D
sight of the Morrill and it could be seen that she- bad i
lot of stuff aboard, she was not interfered with. U
had appeared to be- in a hurry she would probably have
been held up.
We anchored off the bar to wait for the schooner,
which was loading with coal al the Wilmington _ Wei?
?Ion Railroad wharf while we were taking on the arms.
As she- was hauled down 'he stream sin- passed within
hailing ???stance of the Colfax, '!n- other revenue cutter
thai had been assigned to prevent any anti-Spanish
activity; bul arous.-.l no suspicions. We ;
to the Long, when the tug Jacob Hramioti i '
and startedunconcernedly south; for tint. ? ?nothing
about a crippled schooner being ?? i
to arouse the curiosity of any cu'ter or cruiser we might
encounter.
General Nunez and sixty Cubans who a
with the arms met us off Palm Beach in a fishing
schooner and .ame aboard. We then headed tor the
Dog R.xks at the north.-ast corner of Salt K.y Bank,
where we were to nie-e-t the Dauntless. The wreckers
and pirates who live?! there were an inc|uisitive lot, and
they bothered us so much, with their idle- e-ff<>rts t.? find
out who we were and what we were- ?loing, that we
moved down i?> Damas Key, farther south on the edge
of the bank, to get away from them. We anchored
there on May IS.
Two days later we- were joined by the Dauntless,
which had slipped out of Jacksonville light, and I went
aboard of lier, with (le?era! Nu?ez and Cartaya and
twenty of the !amling party. We coaled from the
schooner and took on half of the cargo of arms, which
WC landed on May 21, ten miles e-ast of Nuevi'
npO keep my word witch General Weyle-r, the- rest of the
1 i argo from the Joiie-s, with most of the Cubans who
were going to the front, was landed a mile and a half
east of Morro Castle, which guards the entrance to
Havana Harbor, and scarcely more than three miles in
an air line from the Captain General's palace. It hap?
pened that just at that time th.- rebels under (jcmral
Alejandro Rodriguez, who was Commanding General
of the army in the First Cuban Republic had Havana
closely surrounded. They were in need of amis, and
there was m> trouble in getting our cargo away from the