reflecta upon me and all o? us. I suppose
it wasn't about South America you wanted
to ?see him?"
I could not lie to a lady.
"Dearme! That is his most dangerous
subject, Von won't believe a word he says
I'm sure I don't ?wonder. Hut don't tell
him so, for it makes him very violent. Pre?
tend to believe him, and yon may get through
all ris^ht. Remember, he believes it himself.
( If that you may lie assure?!. A more honest
man never lived. Don't wait any longer, or
lie may suspect. If you lind him dangerous,
really dangerous, ring the bell and hold him
??ft' until I come. Even at his worst, I can
usually control him."
1T1I these encouraging words the lady
handed me over to the taciturn Austin,
who had wailed like a bronze Statue of Dis?
cretion during our short interview, and I
was conducted to the end of the passage.
There was a tap at a door, a bull's bellow
from within, and I was face to lace with
the professor.
He sat in a rotating chair behind a broad
table, which vas covered with books, maps,
W
and diagrams. As I entered, his seat spun round to tace me.
His appearance made me gasp. I was prepared for something
strange, but not for so overpowering a personality as this. It was
his size which took one's breath away, his size and his imposing
presence. Hi*-- head was enormous, the largest I have ever seen
upon a human being. I am sure that his top hat, had I ever
ventured to don it, would have slipped over me entirely, and rested
on my shoulders. He had the face and beard which I associate
with an Assyrian hull; the former florid, the latter SO black as almost
i?? have a suspicion of blue, spade shaped and rij>y?liti*_*; down over his
clicst. The hair was peculiar, plastered down in front in a long,
curving wisp over his massive forehead. The eyt - were blue-gray
under great black tufts, very citar, very critical, and very mastt nul.
A huge simad of akoulders and a chest like a barrel were the other
parts ?if him which appeared above the table, save for two enormous
hands covered with long black hair. This, and a bellowing, roaring,
rumbling voice, made up my first impression of the notorious Pro?
fessor Challenger.
"Will?" said hi1, with a mosl insolent stare. " Wl .,.' i
I must keep up my deception for at least a little time longi r; other?
wise here was evidently an end of the interview. "You were good
enough to give me an appointment, Sir," said I humbly, produc?
ing his envelop.
He took my letter from hi- desk, and laid it out bt fore him.
"Oh, you are tin* young person who cannot understand
plain English, are you? My general conclusions you art gotxl
enough to approve, as I understand?"
"Entirely, Sir, entirely.'" I was very emphatic.
"Dearme! That strengthens my position ver i , docs it
not? Your age and appearance make your supj or? doubly val?
uable. Will, at leasl you are better than tl I rd of rine in
Vienna, whose gregarious gruni is, howevi r, noi i ion ?? ? nsi* v
than the isolated effort of the British hog." II? glare?! i ?
as the or? st nt representative of the beast.
?'The;.' stem to have behaved abominably," aid I.
" 1 assure you that I can fight my own battle , ami thai I have
ible need of your ? patl . Put me alone. Sir, and
back to the wall. G. ?. C. is happiest then. Well, Sir, lei
us do whal we can to curtail this visit, whic] ca? hardi be
agreeable to you, and is inexpressibly irk u e to i e. You have,
as I have been led to believe, imc cot i enl o mal
ition which I advanced in my th< -i ."
There was a brutal direct about his method whicl id<
? ? asion difficult. I mus? still make plav and wail f? >r a better open- C
ing. ?1 had seemed simple enough at a distance. Oh, : ? I
? ? '. Could they noi help me now when I needed help so ore]
He transfixed me with two harp, steely eve . " < '< i e!
1 ? me!" he run bled.
"Iam.ofcoui ? re tudent," aid I, with a fatuous mile;
' I ardl more, I might av, than an earnest inquirer. At the
Professor Challenger in His Study.
same time, i' ?eemed to n e that you were a
little severe upon Weissmann in this matter.
Has not the general evidence since that date
tended to well, to strengthen his position?"
" What evidenci ?" He ?poke with a men?
acing ?aim.
" Well, of course, I am aware that tht r
not any what you mighl call definite evidence.
I allude merely to the trend of modern
thoughl ?and the general scientific point of
view, if I might so expre it."
He leaned forward with great earnt ??.?
" I suppose you are aware," said he, chet kii ;
off points upon his fingers, "that the crania]
index i a con tant factor?"
"Naturally," said I.
"And that telegony i ?till ubjudice?"
" Undoubtedly."
"And thai the germ pla m i diffi r< ni fr i
the parthenogenetic egg?"
"Why, surely," I cried, and gloried in i
own audacity.
"But what dots that prove?" he asked
in a gentle, persuasive voice.
"Ah, what indeed?" I murmured. '.'?
duc- y prove?
"Shall I tell you?" he cooed.
" Pray do."
"It proves," he roared with a blasl of sudden fury, "that
the damndest impostor in London,- a vile, crawling journal
has no more science than he lias decency in his compo ";' i
I-IK had sprung to his feet with a mad rage in hi eyes. Even a!
thai momenl of ten-ion I found time for arr.azt i ent at t
covery that he was quite a short man, his head not higher tl
shoulder, a stunted Hercules who endous vitalit; run
to depth, breadth, and brain.
"Gibberish!" he cried, leaning forward, with his fii er
table and his face projecting. "Thai's what I hav? to
you, Sir ci( ntific gibberish! Did you think you could mat
ning with me, you with your walnut of a brain? Y< u thin]
omnipotent, you infernal ?-cribblcrs, don'1 you? Thai
can make a man and your blame can break him? W< must?
to yon. and try to gel a favorable word, must we? Tl is mai I
have a leg up, and this man -hall have a dressing dowi
vermin. I know you! You've got out of your I ition. Tim?
when your ears were clipjied. You've losl your sense of pro**?
Swollen gas bags! I'll keep you in your ? roj r place! Y? .
haven'l gol over G. E. C! There's one
"After All. What Do I Kn??w about Your Honor?" Said He.