THE LOST WORLD
By Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Creator of Sherlock Holmes
** I Have a Presentiment That You
Are Going to Propose, Ned."
CHAPTER I.
"There Are Heroisms All Round Us"
MR. HUNGERTON, her father, really was
the most tactless person upon earth,
?a fluffy, feathery, untidy cockatoo of
a man, perfectly good natured, but absolutely
centered upon his own silly self. If anything
could have driven me from Gladys, it would have
n the thought of such a father in law. I am
Convinced that he really believed in his heart that I came round to
The Chestnuts three days a week for the pleasure of his company,
and very especially to hear his views upon bimetallism, a subject
Upon which he was by way of being an authority.
Por an hour or more that evening I listened to his monotonous
chirrup about bad money driving out good, the token value of silver,
the d?pr?ciation of the rupee, and the true standards of exchange.
"Suppose/' he <ried with feeble violence, "that all the debts in the
world were called up simultaneously, and immediate payment insisted
upon,?what under our present conditions would happen then?"
I gave the self evident answer that I should be a ruined man, upon
which he jumped from his chair, ?reproved me for my Irish levity,
which made it impossible for him to discuss any reasonable subject in
my presence, and ?bounced off out of the room to dress for a Masonic
meeting.
At last I was alone with Gladys, and the moment of Fate had come!
All that evening I had felt like the soldier who awaits the signal which
will send him on a forlorn hope; hope of victory and fear of repulse
alternating in his mind.
' '??? I.. A C._,?n !__,i.
pOREWORD. !?;. I). M.il?.!i?' desires
to state that both the injunction
for restraint and for the Kbd action
has bees irithdrawn unreservedly by
Professor G. E. Challenger, who. being
satisfied that no criticism or comment
in this book is meant in an offensive
spirit, baa guaranteed that he will
place no impediment in the way of
its publication and circulation.
She sat with that proud, delicate profile of her.-?
outlined against the red curtain. How beautiful
she was! And yet how aloof! We had been friends,
quite good friends; but never could I ?get beyond
the same comradeship which I might have estab?
lished with one of my fellow reporters upon "The
Courier,"?perfectly frank, perfectly kindly, and
perfectly unsexual. My instincts are all against a
woman being too frank and at her ease with me.
It is no compliment to a man. Where the real sex
feeling begins, timidity and distrust are its companions, heritage from
old wicked days when love and violence went often hand in hand. The
bent head, the averted eye, the faltering voice, the wincing figure,?
these, and not the unshrinking gaze and frank reply, are the true
signals of passion. Even in my short life I had learned as much as
that?or had inherited it in that race memory which we call instinct.
Gladys was full of every womanly quality. Some judged her to be
cold and hard; but such a thought was treason. , That delicately
bronzed skin, almost oriental in its coloring, that raven hair, the large
liquid eyes, the full but exquisite lips,?all the stigmata of passion
were there. But I was sadly conscious that up to now I had never
found the secret of drawing it forth. However, come what might, I
should have done with suspense and bring matters to a head tonight.
She could but refuse me, and better be a repulsed lover than an ac?
cepted brother.
CO far my thoughts had carried me, and I was about to break the
long and uneasy silence, when two critical, dark eyes looked
round at me, and the proud head was shaken in smiling reproof. " I