she ' ing of him except the musky smell be had
left im so liberally.
A would have it, however, at the foot of the
kn??i_ iircctly beneath the lair itsc-lf, she found
an-.' 1er. .\"-ing for roots in the rich earth
? betv .-.a-a black bear. His presence there
was (i'.: innocent. His thoughts were far from young
lyr.\ ' the eyes of the anxious mother he was
way to tiie hiding place of her little
\ most ixiwerful of lynxes, of course, i no
mate!. ' r a bear: but a mother's a mother?and that
mak difference in the world. The l>ear
att? ? untng ??ve-r the moss and sod, unmindful
of d heu a cyclone of claws and teeth and
s_r<- inon his neck. Taken so eomnletelv bv
sur ?riy bleated, and gave
fut?: over the shoulder
with hi ? iv?. pa ws, which would
hav. ?rt work of his auda
ciou nl could they have fair?
ly r r. But they touched
not1 a little elusive fur;
an?! ? ? ut, seized with
pani? ? wheeled and fled wildly
thr The lynx dung
to hi::., biting and clawing, till a ?low
br.c _f. whereupon,
af*? from
the k hairs they had been
_i collecting, she spi-d
ba len with her fee-lings
.e-d.
? n, hi pan? grad?
ual way to indignation till
a1 Then
ly retrae -
teps. He would find his in
Hut
when he he
??
all. ? . Log
?
tob He pa sed round
ie knoll, and let
ment in rending to
? dog.
mini?
on i small antago
ni it wa- of no p
mon ? ? ? His hurts wereno! deep,
an ? forgotten. Hut
toi r lynx it wa different.
Her iras gone. She felt that
boththi . >xand (net. ir were after
her She no longer dared
to hut:' .? any distance from home;
an; ? -, thank- to her own
rep. ros bod hunting. All
sb as to lie in wait, with
?fin and
Wood mi ; while her hunger grew,
and th< apply of pre? ious milk in
her brea I began to diminish, and
the' were now
n and more
? tut demands.
A : fter the epi?
sode ' the fox and the bear
?he" ? . knoll an immense
cow ?kins', as the lvnx
had don ilitude and security.
To tli- ? ide of the knoll she
can? ; ni. suspicions of the presem e of the Ivnx,
who | .mi upon her unseen from a bush screened
tmk- : ? ? the ummit. She was black and grim and
ven ',? looking, the great moos?-, and could
well the life out of the giant cat with one
strok' played fore hoof. So the lynx had no no?
tion of ?n rfenng with her. Hut she was interested in
the err.?- that brought the dark tree eater to this re?
treat, .pefullv licked her whiskered jaws.
?.reak, on the soft moss at the foot of the
roc k , pure birth to a long legged? shuddering
calf. forgetful at once of all her suffering, she licked
the ne.'. >mer Ion?- and lovingly till its s??ft coat was
dry and , i ;y ?lark; and at las't, along in the warm of
the daw it staj-g?-red feebly to its feet ami made its
noti 'n nur.?'. It was grotesquely gaunt, and
lank, and big headed, and loos?- panted; and its sprawl
?*?** leg wen- too weak to support its weight long. U
two or three minutes it sank down again on the moss,
where it lay starinj.' around with mild, incurious eyes
while il mother gazed upon it in a tender ecstasy. To
her it v.... the one thine ?.f beauty that the whole green
held.
Sud l?-r,lva faint sound,Other than that ?if rustling leaf
and twig, aught her vigilant ear. She turned l.er head
sharply, '?'hen among the cedar trunks, not a hundred
Met away, was the bear, turning ove* and munching a
cluster of bright yellow fungi. A bear! That was the
most to be dreaded of all -x>ssiblc enemies. With a harsh
cry. a j.rt of coughing bellow, she rushed at him.
At ight of this black whirlwind sweeping down upon
ipfised and pained. He was not a
ig t?car. And -.he was a very big mcx-se. If c apa
We of reflection,?a point on which doctors differ with
?oroe acmionv, -he jx-rhaps reflc-cted that the knoll
*?--*> not a h.< k) ti'ij-hborhocxl for him. TbO many
roothers, and hardly enough mushrooms! In any ease,
ne de. id.-i] to go .?way at once. And he acted with such
alertm- u*,,,n this wise decision that he managed to
keep a certain distance hntwuen hi- hind quarters and
"?Me furiously pounding bod . He felt that he had
? to congratulate liiin.vlf.
TPIII. lynx liad been watching from lier high crevice
*?? when the moose made her mad charge upon tin
bear. Her pale, round eyes (lamed. Soundlessly she
dropped from her ambush. There was no cry from the
feeble victim. The lynx was t<_i expert and too wary
a hunter for that. She wonted no struggle that would
attract the mother'- attention from the- pursuit of the
bear. So the unfortunate calf, which had only just
ojK-nc-d his eye- upon life, went out of it without know?
ing what ha?! happened to him. Without an instant's
delay the lynx lic?an dragging the limp but still quiver?
ing prey up the- rock. Her only chance- was to gel il
speedily beyond the mother's reach.
The lynx was marvelously strong for a beast <.f her
weight, which was no' more than forty-odd poun
11.1 ..i Itn HI? Late Fnemy Co Stalking By.
she was desperate with determination. She knew thai
this prize would keep her from the necessity of leavinf
the den till her little ?un- ?hould be- past their first
helplessnes Nothing should 1*' allowed to ?snatch it
from her! Mut for all her furious efforts, so unmanageable
was that limp form with its long, sprawling legs that
her progrc-.? up the broken steep was dangerously slow.
Suddenly the moose, realizing that she COtud not
catch thfl bear, Stopped with a wrathful snort. Plow?
ing up the dank moss with lier great, .mtthrust fore feet,
she wheeled about to return to her < alf. She- started
back at a shambling trot, sus?,_.ting po evil, and satis
fied with herself for liaving so well routed the enemy.
Then she marked that the little- one was no longer in his
place. She- gave one mighty leap forward, her wild
eyes sweeping the whole base of the- rock. And then,
looking upward, she saw what liad befallen.
A.- that black bulk of vengeance- came thundering
toward her, the lynx strained desperately to lift her
prise beyond it- reach. The steep at this point was too
abrupt for any moose to climb; hut the frantic mother
hulled heitdl up it .-<? far that her outstretched hoofs
struck the rock on each side of the calf- hind quaitcrs.
Daunted for the instant, the lynx let go her hold and
shrank away with a snarl. But, .-e-eing how far short
of he-r lier assailant had fallen, she sprang forward again
and sank lier teeth into the victim s throat with confi?
dent defiance.
pk()M that wild leap the mother had fallen back vio
*"? le-ntly on her haunches. I'nconscious of the shock,
she drew hack a few steps, and rushed again to the at?
tack. This time she came on less wildly; and the lynx,
glaring down on her over the shoulder of the prey, had no
misgivings. Hut in reality it was now that the wise old
moose was most dangerous. Having come triumphant
through many seasons, many vicissitudes, she knew how
to handle bar power-, to l>est advantage; and in that first
le-ap she liad seen that her little one was finished past
all helping. Revenge was all that she could strive for.
As she charged again she gathered her gaunt legs
Ix-neath her at the hist of it, and launched herself up
ward with a finely calcul?t? ! effort. Thoroughly de?
ceive?!, the- lynx clung to lier bold, with
Battening back in angry scorn. Hut this time
had seriously mi second one of
those huge, battering fore- hoofs motedowu ujh.ii her.
It cru bed her head lier shoulders:
and her t.-n ?e bod) . ?.: Idenly n laxi d. slumped forward
upon ? he n?? k
Falling back as before, becnu e i! wa impo ible f??r
lier t?. gain any foothi.1 n I teep, the tu??
mi e more and i ful leap.
time her stroke- brought both tin- bodies tumbling
over < a? h other t.. the ground. The \i> tor, n?m tomber
and deliberate in her fury, pawed t iDy apart
.mil on m -eeileil to staniii the can a-s of th.- lvnx into the
earth. When thi mplishedto
i'i t.i 'ion, he went and i
her little one tenderly tor ?-vera! arria?
ute . muttering thickly in her
throat. Then, with drooping hea
; ??ver it motionless f,,r hours, till
the 1.. ? ' ad f.. !??-!? <ul and
all the for? '
the moon got up whit, above the tree
top . ,iti! ran pale lin^-r- down the la? e
o,, k till the) uric overed the grim
ba ? The moose, ?i it ud?
clenly pulling herself together toa? i ? pi
the inevitable, lifted her great bl.uk
head, sniffed th?- night air with wide
no tril , and made off noi ? !
thn u ;.n .
An hour or two later the bear came
caution ly prowling up. L'n ? ? u hin -
ie had si-en hi late enemy ?go
stalking by, with an air of ii<? more
roncern in that part of th?' :
Much puzzled, he had come '?? s?-ek a
solution of the my t'-rv. 11>- foun 1 the
: .ii entirely to hi ta :? He
grunted contemptuously over the
?pounded remnant- of the lynx, ami
then, well able- to appreciate uch a
dainty, made a hearty meal of young
tnon c meal, H? ai down ?in his
haumhes and grumbled happily over
?perhaps thinking how
favored were the bears over ?ill other
dwellers at the wUderness. It would
have ?been a wund and true reflection,
could be but have made it, and no
mare than th<- due of the- Power that
had been so ?generous to his kind.
WEANWHILE, tin- baby lynxes in
* **? their den, now hungry pasl all
caution and mewing harshly, might
have been left to a lingering and piteous
death. Hut Nature is seldom mj cruel.
Stealing through the black shadows
and darting across thepatchesofmoon?
light came the f? at, ana? us to see if any?
thing new had happened at the krn-11.
Peering from a thicket, he marked the
bear at hi tea t, .?ud B0O0 made out
?o understand. Stealing about to ex?
plore the knoll, he presently caught
the- cries of the kittens. Thi? was a
phenomenon not hard for him to in?
terpret. After a pru'lejit investigation
be crept into the den. There wa tome
pitting, feeble but COUiageOUS, and
then the cries of loneliness and huimer
?topped. The fox wa ? too businesslike to play with and
torment hi -. Victim .. a I one of the cat family WOttld ?lo;
but Idlled than at ooce and made- ha-te to carry them
off to Ms den. Though no. without a healthy edge to
his own appetite, be thought first of hi mate and cubs,
to wliie-h lie was untiringly devoted.
The knoll being now no longer occupied by the terri?
ble lynx mother, the lesser folk of the forest began cau?
tiously to re-visit it, though they made no long stav m
that neighborhood, because they never knew when the
den at the summit might attract some- dang.-r.-u ??? i u
pant. Before long the bones of those- two bodies at the
foot of the rock were- polished dean and white; and
then the place fell deserted except tot the chickadees
and the woodpei ke-rs.
AS the- summer drew t.. dose and the first glimmers of
***? autumn scarlet began to tip the maples, scattering
here and there across the wilderness re-appeared a few
rabbits. Their enemies being now less nume-r.ius, they
multiplied with amazing rapidity, a- if thinking tliev
had the earth to replenish; and soon again tall ears and
bulging eyes were flickering through the inverts, en i
tive- cleft nostrils questioning every air, and fluffy
white tails bobbing up out of the gold-brown fe-rn beds.
The rabbits di?l not love the cedar swamp, with it wet
moss ami black, half hidden pools; but a few of their
more adventurous spirits roam.-d everywhere.
One fresh October morning, when the birch trees
were all gold among the gray rocks of the knoll, a roving
buck rabbit came to the finit of it and stumbled upon
that bunch of white- I wines. At first he was much
frightened, and with two prodigious leaps took hiding
in the nearest thicket. Hut the bones made no hostile
move whatever, and presently lie felt somewhat n
assured. After he had stared at them for sometime he
concluded that they were harmless. With uncom
prehemling curiosity he hopped all around them, and
then sat up beside them on his haunches, his long ear
erect in foolish inquiry. The last thing he could gut s
was that he and his kind were resjxinsible for that pile
of bleaching bones.