Cabin'." Sometimes we saw him passing in lonely majesty to his
inner ? ?urn, with his eyes staring vaguely and hi. mind hovering
over thi Balkans or the Persian Gulf. He was above and beyond us.
But M A- He was his first lieutenant, and it was him that we knew.
m nodded as I entered the room, and he pushed his spec
lades on his bald forehead.
14 Well, Mr. M alone, from all I hear, you seem to be doing very
well," said he in his kindly Scotch accent.
I thanked him.
"Tin illiery explosion was excellent. So was the Southwark lire.
You i:. '.rue dcscreeptive touch. What did you want to see
me ah
"To a k a favor."
He lookedal_.rn.ed,and his eves shunned mine. "Tut, tut! What
is it?"
"I> u think, Sir. that you could possibly send me on some
missi. . paper? I would do my best to put it through and
get y good copy."
"W ort of meession had you in your mind. Mr. Malone?"
. Sir, anything that had adventure and danger in it. I really
would do my very best. The more difficult it was, the better it
? me."
em very anxious to lose your life."
justify my life. Sir."
ar me, Mr. Malone, this is very?very exalted! I'm afraid
the day of ? :g is rather past. The expense of the
'special ? hardly justifies the result, and of course in
lid be only an experienced man. with a name that
1 public confidence, who would get such an order.
'' paces in the map are all being filled in, and there's
I ' ' manee anywhere. Wait a bit, though!" he added,
with a ?udden smile upon his face. "Talking of the blank spaces
e an idea. What about exposing a fraud?a modern
m n?and making him rideeculous? You could show him
liar that he i ! Eh, MaTi.it would be fine! How does il
appeal to you?"
"A* anywhere?1 care nothing."
was plunged in thought for some minutes. 'I wonder
".Id get on friendly, or at least on talking terms, with the
fellow, aid at last. "You seem to have a sort of genius for estab?
lishing n lations with people,?seempathy, I suppose,or animal magnet
am, or ? . /hful vitality, or something. I am conscious of it myself."
'You ; - very good, Sir."
"There's Your Man. Mr. Malone! Now Off You Run!"
"So why should you not try your luck with Professor Challenger,
of Enmore Park?"
I dare say I looked a little startled. "Challenger!" I cried. "Pro?
fi or Challenger, the famous zo?logi t? Wasn't he the man who
broke the skull of Blundell of 'The Gazette'?"
The news editor smiled grimly. "Do you mind? Didn't you say
it was adventure you were after!-"
"It is all in the way of bu ine . Sir," I an wered.
"Exactly. I don't suppose he i- always so violent a-, that. I'm
thinking that Blundell got him at the wrong moment, maybe, or in
the wrong fashion. You may have better luck, or more tacl in
handling him. There's something in your line there, I am sure, and
'The Courier' should work it."
"I really know nothing aboul him," said I. "I only remember his
name in connection with the police court proceedings for strikin;
Blundell."
" I have a few notes for your guidance, Mr. Malone. I've had my
on the professor for sometime." H<- took a paper from a drawer
"Here is a summary of his record. I give it you briefly:
illenger, Geoige Edward. Hum: far)-.. N. B., 1859. Educ: Largs Academy ;
Edinburgh University. Hritish Museum Assistant, 1802. Assistant Kc?-[kt of
1 parative Anthropology Department, 1893. Resigned after acrimonious cor?
ime year. Winner of Crayston Medal for so?logical research. Por
eij-n member of? well, ?quite a lot of things, about two indies <?i ?mall type,?
Soci?t? Belge, American Academy <>i Sciences, La Plata, etc., etc. Bx-President
Paleontol?gica. Society. Section H. British Association Soon! S<>on! Pub?
lication -: 'Some ' Ibservations uim.ii a Series <?t' Kalmuck Skulls.' '< luthnes of Ver
tebrate Involution,' ami nunieroiis |?a]icrs, including 'The Underlying Pallacy of
Wdssmannism,1 which caused heated discussion at the Zoological ("on^ress of
Vienna. Recreations: Walking; Alpine climbing. Address: Enmore Park, Ken
Hngton, W.
"There, take it with you. I've nothing more for you tonight."
I pocketed tin- slip of paper. "One moment, Sir," I said, as I
realized that it was a pink bald head and not a red face which was
fronting me. " I am not very clear yet. Why I am to interview this
gentleman? What has he done?"
The face flashed back again. " Went to South America on a solitary
expedeetion two years ago. ( 'ame back last year. 1 had undoubtedly
been to South America; but refused to say exactly where. Began to
tell his adventures in a vague way; but somebody started to pick
holes, and he just shut up like an oyster. Something wonderful hap?
pened or the man's a champion liar, which is the more probable
supposeetion. Had some damaged photographs, said tobe fakes. Got
so touchy that he assaults anyone who asks questions, and heaves
reporters down the stairs. In my opeenion he's just a homicidal
megalomaniac with a turn for science. That's your man, Mr. Malone!
Now off vou run, and see what you can make of him! You're big
enough to look after yourself. ?Anyway, you are all safe. Employers'
Liability Act, you know." A grinning red face turned once more into
a pink oval fringed with gingery fluff; the interview was at an end.
T WALKED across to the Savage club; but instead of turning into
it I leaned upon the railings of Adelphi Terrace and gazed
thoughtfully for a long time at the brown,oily river. I can always
think most sanely and clearly in the open air. I took oui the list of
Professor Challenger's exploits, and read it over under the electric
lamp. Then I had what I can regard only as an inspiration. As a
press man, I felt sure from what I had been told that I could never
hope to gel into touch with this cantankerous professor. Hut th< i
recriminations twice mentioned in his skeleton biography could mean
only that he was a fanatic in science. Was there not an exposed
margin there upon which he might be accessible? I would try.
I entered the club. It was just after eleven, and the hi}- room was
fairly full,though the rush had not yet set in. I noticed ?a tall, thin,
angular man seated in an armchair by tin- lire. He turned as I drew
my chair up to him. It was the man of all others whom I should have
chosen,?Tarp Henry of the staff of "Nature," a thin, dry, leathery
creature who was full, to those who knew him, of kindly humanitv.
I plunged instantly into my subject.
"What do you know of Professor ?Challenger?"
"Challenger?" he gathered his brows in scientific disapproval.
"Challenger was the man who came with some cock and bull story
from South America."
"What story?"
"Oh, it was rank nonsense, about some queer animals he had
discovered. I believe he has retracted since. Anyhow, he has
suppressed it all. He gave an interview to Reuter's, and there was
such a howl that he saw it wouldn't do. it was a discreditable
Continued on page 14