have a prcscntimcnl thai you are going to propose, Ned. I do wish
vou wouldn't ; for things ;ire so much nicer as they are."
[ drew my chair a little nearer. "Now, how did you know that
I was going to propose?" I asked in genuine wonder.
" 1 ?..n't women always know? Do you .suppose any woman in the
world was ever taken unawares? Bui <>h. Ned, our friendship has
been so good and so pleasant! What a pity to spoil it! Don't you
feel how splendid it is that a young man and a young woman should
be able to talk face t<? face as we have talked?"
'1 don'l kn?iw, Gladys. Vou see, 1 can talk face lo face with?
with the station master." I can't imagine how that official came into
the matter; but in he trotted, ami set us both laughing. "Thai does
not satisfy me in the least, I want my arms ?round you, and your
head on my breast, and oh, Gladys, I want -"
She had sprung from her chair, as she saw signs that I proposed to
demonstrate some of my wants. "You've spoiled everything, Ned,"
she said. "It's all SO beautiful and natural until this kind of thing
comes in! Il is such a pity! Why can't you control yourself?"
"I didn't invent it," I pleaded. "It's love."
"Well, perhaps if both love, it may be different. I have never
felt it."
"Hut you must you, with your beauty, with your soul! oh,
( tladys, you were made for love! Vou must love!"
"( lue must wait till it comes."
"Hut why can't you love me, Gladys? Is it my appearance, or
what:-'"
She did unbend a little. She put forward a hand?such a gracious,
Stooping attitude it was and she pressed back my head. Then she
looked into my upturned face with a very wistful smile.
"No, it isn't that." she said at last. "You're n<?t a conceited boy
by nature,and so ] can safely tell you it is not that. It's dee]ter."
" My character?"
She nodded severely.
"What can I do to mend it*1 Do sit down and talk it over. No,
really, I won't if you'll only sit down!"
She looked at me with a wondering distrust which was much more
to my mind than her wholehearted confidence (How primitive and
bestial it looks when you put it down in black and white! ?and per?
haps after all it is only a feeling peculiar to myself). Anyhow, she sat
down.
"Now tell me what's amiss with me?"
"I'm in love with somebody else," said she.
It was my turn to jump out of my chair.
"It's nobody in particular," she explained, laughing at the ex?
pression of my face: "only an ideal. I've never met the kind of man
I mean."
"Tell me about him. What does he look like?"
"Oh, he rrnighl look very much like you."
"How dear of you to say that! Well, what is it that he docs that
I don'l ?lo? Just say the word, teetotal, vegetarian, aeronaut,
theosophist, superman. I'll have a try at it, Gladys, if vou will only
?.'jve me an idea What WOUld jilease you."
CHIC laughed at the elasticity of my character. "Well, in the first
place, I don't think my ideal would speak like that," said she.
"He would be a harder, sterner man, not so ready to adapt himself to
a silly girl's whim. But, above all, he musl be a man who could do,
who could act, who could look Death in the face and have no far of
him, a man of great deeds and Strange experiences. It is never a
man that I should love, but always the glories he had won; for
they would be reflected upon me. Think of Richard Burton!
When I read his wife's life of him I could so understand her love!
And Lady Stanley! Did you ever read the wonderful Last chapter
of that book? These are the sort of men that a woman could
worship with all her soul, and yet be the greater, not the less, on
account of her love, honored by all the world as the inspirer of
noble deeds."
She looked so beautiful in her enthusiasm that I ?nearly brought
down the whole level of the interview. I gripped myself hard, and
went on with the argument.
"We can't all be Stanleys and Burtons," said I: "besides, we
don't get the chance, at least, I never had the chance. If I did, I
should try to take it."
" Hut chances are all around you. It is the mark of the kind of man
I mean that he makes his own chances. Vou can't hold him back.
I've never met him, and yet ? seem to know him so well. There arc
heroisms all round us waiting t<? be done. It's for men to do them,
and for women to reserve their love as a reward for such men. Look
at thai young Frenchman who went up last week in a balloon. It
was blowing a gale of wind: but because he was announced t?. go he
insisted on starting. The wind blew him fifteen hundred miles i:i
twenty-four hours, and he- fell in the middle of Russia. Thai was the
kind of man I mean. Think of the woman he loved, and how other
women must have envied her! That's what I should like -?i be,
? envied for my man."
" I*d have done it to please you."
" But you shouldn't do it merci)' to please me. You should do it
because yon can't help yourself, because it's natural to you, 1? ause
the man in you is crying out for heroic expression. Xow. when i u
described the Wigan coal explosion last month, could you :
gone down and helped those people, in spite of the choke dai
-I did."
'* You never said so."
"There was nothing worth bucking about."
"I didn't know." She looked at me with more interest,
was brave of you."
"I had to. If you want to write good copy, you must be
the things are." '
" What a prosaic motive! It seems to take all the romance out <>i
Fancy George stirring up the Dragon in order to get copy out <>f hit
But. still, whatever your motive, I am glad that you went down th
mine." She gave me her hand; but with so much sweetness .
dignity that 1 could only sloop and kiss it. "I dare say I ai
a foolish woman with a young girl's fancies. And yet it i
with me, so entirely part of my very self, that I cannot help a?
upon it. If I marry, I do want to marry a famous man'"
"Why should you not?" I cried. "It is women like y< u
men u\). You've braced me up. Give me a chance, and -i ? ?: I
take it! Besides, as you say, men ought to nitikc their own ch; i
and not wait until they are given. Look at Clive just a Cl(
he conquered India! By George! I'll do something in the
yet!"
She laughed at my sudden Irish effervescence. "Why not?
said. "You have everything a man could have,- youth, h<
strength, education, energy. I was sorry you spoke. And now i
glad so glad if it wakens these thoughts in you!"
"And if I do-?"
Her dear hand rested like warm velvet upon my lips. "No!
other word. Sir! You should have been at the office for evening ?:
half an hour ago; only I hadn't the heart to remind you. Somi
perhaps, when you have won your place in the world, we shall talk
it over again."
A XI) so it was that I found myself that foggy November evening
pursuing the Camberwell tram with my heart glowing withii
me, and with the eager determination that not another day should
?lapse before I should find some deed which was worthy of my lady.
But who who in all this wide world could ever have imagined the in?
credible shape which that deed was to take, or the strange steps by
which I was led to the doing of it?
And, after all, this opening chapter will seem to the reader to :
nothing to do with my narrative; and yet there would ha
narrative without it, for it is only when a man goes out into the
world with the thought that there are heroisms all round him. ?and
with the desire all alive in his heart to follow any which may come
within sight of him, that he breaks away as I did from the life that he
knows, and ventures forth into the wonderful mystic twilight land
where lie the great adventures and the great rewards. Behold ire,
then, at the office of "The London Courier,'' on the staff of which I
was a most insignificant unit, with the settled determination that
very night, if possible, to find the quest which should be worthy of
my Gladys! Was it hardness, was it selfishness, that she should ask
me to risk my life tot her own glorification? Such thoughts may
come to middle age; but never to ardent three and twenty in the
fever of his first love.
CHAPTER II.
"Try Your Luck with Professor Challenger"
T ALWAYS liked McArdle, the crabbed, old, round backed, red
headed news editor, and I rather hoped that he liked me. Of
course, Beaumont was the real boss; but he lived in the rarefied
atmosphere of some Olympian height from which he could distinguish
nothing smaller than an international crisis or a split in the