The Truth About
Hack Saws
We guarantee th nds Hack
will el. i ten per cent, more cut
than any others, under the
That guarantee is solid
? d. We are all the
making tests, and we have
nev " found another brand that
do '.?ii per cent, of the work a
S ? many of them do only
">ii ' T.? y? r cent.
Simonds
Pronounced Sl-nionc's
Hack Saw
Blades
If ; in a power machine,
we make you a Free Trial Offer.
Wi i end you some blade . Tettthem
r by timing cuts with
ting the strokes needed to
Cut thr bar. Then Bee how
many cut? le will nuke- before- it is
worn out.
1 he reason : r this superiority is our
1 'rucible Steel, which we
particular work. It
?? 9Hm : ? for cutting tools.
the Gold
. ika-Yukon Bxpoeitioa.
? ? l Ground C.
more than double the sale-s
'.'? ? eke all kind, of
corking machine knivee.
Send fur "Simonds Saw ??ulde Book "
Simonds Manufacturing Company
ROI D MM
Pltchborf, Massachusetts
*** PortUBd .an Pr?ncl?co New Orleani
?ork g._ttu Montr*?) lockport. H Y.
lucid and admirable statei i be the las! word in the matter. There ?
sentence in it, however; namely, "1 protest strongly against tin- insufferable and
entirely dogmatic assertion thai parate is torical
architecture elaborated slowly through the series of generations." Have you node ?in in
view of later re scar, h to modify this statement? Do you nol think that it is oven
tuated? With your permission, I would ask the favor of an interview, ai I i?? ! trongly
upon the subject and have certain suggestions which I could elaborate onlyinapei
conversation. With your. onsent, I trust to have the honor of ? all?
the day after tomorrow (Wednesday) morning.
I remain. Sir, with . of profound respe. I,
Yours very truly, EdWABI) D. MaL?XE.
"How's that?" I asked triumphantly.
"Well, if your conscience can stand it?"
"It never failed me yet."
"But what do you mean to do?"
"To get there. Once I am in his room, I may see some opening. 1
may even go the length of open confession. If he i- a sportsman, he will b<
tickled.'"
"Tickled, indeed! He's much more likely to do the tickling. Chain
mail, or an American football suit, that's what you'll want. Well, good
by. I'll have the answer for you here on Wednesday morning? if he i
deigns to answer you. He is a violent, dangerous, cantankerous charact? r,
hated by everyone who comes across him, and the l.tttt of the student n
far as they dare take a liberty with him Perhaps it would be Ik?s1 for
you if yon never heard from the fellow at all."
'/ . be continued next Sunday
TERRESTRIAL ELECTRICITY
By LAWRENCE HODGES
?TELEGRAPH lines have- revealed a *
***? culiar condition of affairs underground,
nothing more m n independ?
rent-- ol ? lee tricity in the earth. Sometim
h magnitude as to pu! tel
graph lines temporarily out of bu u
causing a current counter to the desired on
due to t!i<- counter electromotive force
particular part of the earth. A que
tiling noticed in this connection i thai lin
running north and south are hardly ever di
turbed: only tho <? going easl and w<
to be affected to any great extent. Tl
earth current as a general thing runs fro
? thus following the sun an
helping along currents in thai direction an
retarding them in the opposite direction.
It has been ascertained that one ?genen
cause produces these currents, and thi
cause i-; no doubl the un il ? If. The cart
has been known as a magnel fora Ions tin*
and the- possibility of its being an elect re
magnet, or one caused by electric current
Was broached some year- ago. There- is n
doubt as to the- nature of its magnetism i
the light of the discovery of these current!
as currents Sowing round a body from ea
to west tend to make it an electromagnet, wit!
the two poles situated asare the earth'! pole
The electromotive force corresponding t?
urrents is usually only about three
hundredth^ of a volt to the mile, which i
so small that ordinarily no variation is ob
served. In 1KS1, however, then- v..i a ;?? n
eral disturbance e<n the face of the- sun, an?
this in some unaccountable manner rai e<
this force on the earth to half ... volt a mile
or ?Xteen times its ordinary value. Tin
highest it has ever been observed was si>
volts a mile. This was during a big mag?
netic storm when the sun was full of spots
This effect i- not noticed in cables undei
th.- sea, due no doubt to th.- wonderful con?
ducting power of sea water, which offen
ally no resistance toan electric current,
While the earth material does. The greatest
effects are- noticed to take place-at ten o'clock
A. M. and four V. M.; the smallest at unri e.
There is no doubt that the position <>t the
m?i?in relative to the- earth has an important
bearing on these earth current. ..1 ??, a
shown by Adams some yean ago.
Now, besides this terrestrial electricity,
then- exists what is known :. atmospheric
c le? tricity. I' is a well known fact that the
rapi'l evaporation of water produces elec?
tricity, also the friction of air ami water par
ticles blown about in the atmosphere pro
duo . it. Another effect is what i- known
as "induced" electricity, on account of the
earth'- charge. As air in its general state is
a nonconductor, the electricity has to re?
main in these sundry parts of the atnins
phe-re- until it either gets strong enough to
discharge itself to the- earth or to another
part of the- atmosphe-n-, or else be blown
away with the wind.
Of course we are all familiar with how
Franklin proved that electricity existed in
the atmosphere by showing lightning to be
electricity; but most of us are prone to
think tliat this effect is confined to the
higher regie^ns. Some experiment-?, con?
cluded not long ago disclose quite a charge
very close to the earth. The way I
determined by Sir W. Thu
sulate a living plant, sui I from tl
earth, place il .it the e iliffercnl heigl l
conniv? one wirr of his measuring in <r
ment t<> it and tin- other win- to'tl ?
His results were rather astounding
At a height <>!' nine feel he found a difl
ur hundred and thirty voll , orapprux
ely l'.i'tv voll i' il the I le ?
Airan. ' Jther p!a< e of i our e how? ?1 ligl
variation .
A peculiar thing atx>u1 thi atmo
electricity is that it also vari?-? with tl
time of day, 1? i ' abou
eight a. it., and from eighl to nine r. m .
ummer, and ten a. m. and ix p, if. in wii
ter, anil lowest about three P. m. and mil
night. This indicates thai it i- high?
when we have the greatesl change o? ten
pcrature and when the evaporation and fa
of dew are greate t. Some interesting point
were discovered in making these obi-teTv.
tions. An ea I ?wind always raised the jxi
live ?or plu electrification; while when rail
ing the potential of the atmosphere wa al
ob erved to be negative <>r minu .
In Italy, ?Professor Palmieri found lha
the condition was plus or po itive wln-n n<
rain, hail, or ??now wa falling within ninety
five miles of the place ol ob crvation. Alsti
if minus was found in the atmosphere, al
though there was a clear -kv, downfall fi
??.me description wai ure to be found neai
All the phenoniena point to the earth am
atmosphere as constituting a huge Ixsydei
ur, the earth taking the pl.t??? of one of ih?
tinfoil plate., the higher atmosphere of tin
other, while the intervening comparative!*
?lry air is analogous to the- n?a??-- jar. Largi
sparks have been obtained l>y sendin
eral wire*, up to collect the electricity in tin
air and then bringing them almost in con
tart with a win- from the earth.
It has ?been noticed thai powerful elcctrii
discharges attend volcanic eruption- ant)
earthquakes. These are no doubl due to th?
enotrToous amount of mechanical energy ex?
pended and to the chemical at tioo of wat? r
upon heated and molten re* les. In ?trumenl
cdlt-d microphones, if buried in the earth,give
warning <?t these eruption b? fore they occur.
One historical incident brought thi? di
every ?about. During one of the great
eruptions, that of Mount Krakatua in 1883,
lephonei in Singapore, which is ..ver
tive hundred miles away, were rendered u <?
lc-ss for talking, a great roar imilar to thai
of a waterfall being heard, occasionally pun?
tuned with sharp pistol like reports. This
effect was traced as having it origin in a
short length of cable submerged and affected
by the tremors of the earth.
It is thought now that cyclones and water*
spouts an- also electrical in character. Pro
fessor Douglas, of Michigan, has produi ed an
imitation cyclone in his laboratory by ii
pending a large circular <h-?k of copper t?>
?ilk threads and then charging the coppei
with electricity. The result i?, rather start
lin-*. As the plate ?i carried over the tal.it
it whirls rapidly (while tin- threads take ??ii
the well known funnel shape' and pick I up
all loom objects in its path.
I
?y
Little Babies Can't
Live On Milk They
Can't Digest
< '?c. ' milk at Ik; ?1 is tun heavy a
inml for a little baby's frail stomach.
Km n when you change it with great
care, it 'ill holds curds which only a
calf ttomach was intended to di
Babics' stomachs can't stand the
rich fats of cows' milk, which vary
in richness with almosl every quart
of milk you buy. Vou can't be sure
of akv.v. having your baby's food
th. ante.
Vet, cow ;' milk holds so much of the
ame nouri ?hment a - mothers' milk
thai ii is the only thing from which
a ein ?I substitute can be made.
Nestles
Food
i a milk food made from pure, rich,
cows' milk from the Nestl? dairies.
There is no sickness in il it doesn't
'.in.1 .???.?in id in open cans. There
i never any chance for sick people
to handle it or for death and sickness
to gel into it like ordinary milk.
That is why XI.STL._S FOOD
can he given to babies while they
are nursing. Their little stomachs
do not feel the- difference between
NESTL?'S and their mother's milk.
Give your baby twelve feedings of
NESTLE'S before you purchase it.
By writing us as soon as yon have
read this advertisement yon can
gel at once the
mother s h i, HttlffrfTfJ
HENRI NESTLE &FOOf*
65 Chambers Street ^?*-cmilokim*-l2?o
New York ~*k,M'-!*_^^