insurance company, amply bccau ? In is burning up
his vital n-un. ? in reckless living. Oftentimes or
nie heart disease is treated morchbcrally than " Hein,
iVeib, Mini Gesang."
Real m? rrniU'tit, the kin?! that makes the liver Hop
over but does not t.-.ir the nervous system to pi?
never hortened anybody's lite. It is the artificial,
poison produced, liver hard- ning laughter tliat kill-.
The ?: o! merriment with fatness ha-* long
been a matter,of common observation; and hen wi
an- confronted by an apparcnl paradox. If laughter
prolongs life, why is il thai thefal man is so short bved?
Hut fatni much th<- resull of mcrrii
per %t as "f a (m i ii1i.tr pla? id temperamenl that
tad i- in many i panted by a disincli
nation to physical activity. Mo I fal nun had rather
it around and tell stories than exerl themselves, and
often tb int?, convivial habit-- of overeating
and drinking, less from appetite than from pur? socia?
bility. T!n:< are, of ? ours , notable exceptions to this
rule.
?Borrow the fal man's optimism and jollity, therefore,
but not his physical lethargy, inaction, and small in?
dulgences. That obesity is a ?real fife shortener h.is
?been demonstrated by lit? insurance experience. In
broad investigations, ? overing many thousands of lives,
the curious fact has been developed thai after thirty
its of ?age the low.-.t mortality is exhibited by tho?e
who ?are slightly under average ?weight. At mi<!?!lc life,
refore, the so called "robust" type is not a pre?
?err. I risk, and the trank heavvweighl is in an impaired
The lesson thai we should read from this is that the
average man can 1?- much improved by attention to
certain hygienii measures that will keep his weight
within bounds. Of ourse, the- man of average weight
?I.N-s not suffer from the flesh that he carries, but from
the practices thai permil him to carry it. < ?n the other
hand, the fat man not only suffers from such practices,
but from the burden of flesh that obstructs his circulo?
tion an?! embarrasses his vital organs.
A great hullabaloo recently arose over the announce?
ment of a "new medical discovery"; namely, thai fre?
quent citing would reduce flesh. This '?discovery" was
doubtless new- to the reporter, but nut r.. tin- medical
profession, in? > standard authorities on dietetics have
long since decided that in th.- reduction of weight fre?
quent light meals are- preferable t.? i ?ne or two hearty
meal- a ?lav. Naturally, tin- reasonable and easily uti
...1 proposition will bi transmuted, before the
popular expositors are through with it. into the state?
ment that the more you ?at the thinner you grow. As
a matter of fact, by frequent light meals the edge of the
appetite is blunted, and there i- an opportunity, by
proper exercise, mute completely to oxidize or burn up
certain food elements that would otherwise be accumu?
lated as a burdensome surplus,
Por those incline?! !o slight overweight, there i- Ilo
need to adopt any in! ri. ale or < oniplex die! lad. Regu?
lar exercise, and the exclusion ??i' certain articles of diet
for example, potatoes and sugar?will
Other foods that help to shorten the _._ eavy?
weight are alcohol 'which i- not a food), I i
beverage, salmon, lobster, crabs, tard -".ng,
mackerel, pork an?! goose, fat n*
cream, olive oil, an?I water at meals.
F?.r those affe.ti'd with a moderate
weight, the following general outline will ? 'piul,
bearing in min?! that <* cupation, habits, ? *;ng
disease will .all for some modification:
On rising, a little- fruit and a glass of h
A light breakfast is advised, -one or '
eggS, Weak tea or coffee -Weetetlcd wit I: ?:.- in?
: I of sugar, and bread and butter in ntity.
Por dinner or luncheon choice may l>
'cm meat, ham ..r tongue, sweetbreads, in i ? derate
portions. Vegetables: Celery, spinach. let?
tuce, cucumber, may be taken as desired; r vej
tables in limited amount. Dessert: Pari
?iings. m.-l'.n. cooked unsweetened fruit.
A little clear soup or a glass of buttermilk
be token between breakfast and luncheon, tot
and dinner.
A glass of hot water ? ui retiring.
It is lie-tter to cat Bghl meals all?! folk)? tl
than to eat two fairly hearty meals a day. wit! hin?
in th.- interval.
There i- no nee?! for the fat man to lost n.h
with In- weight. His life-shortening be
?? 19
IN THE YEAR OF NO RABBITS
By CHARLES G. D. ROBER TS
IT was the hungry year; for all the flesh eating
kindred of the northern wilds a year ??f ceaseless
ambush, ?>f strained ?vigilance, ?>f unprecedentedly
savage feud. In this year every truce was broken. For
it was the year ?if no rabbit ..
As hap|H'ns once in awhile, mysteriously, the swarm?
ing hordes of them had vanished, as if wiped out by a
pestilence, or exiled in a mass, inexorably, by some
Caprice of the unseen Powers. Ami so. red anarchy in
the wild. Por the rabbit b the great reconciler, the great
keeper of the peace. It is he that keep- life more or
less regulated for the fiercely individual and ungovern*
able hunters ami prowlers; for to his inexhaustible fer
tilitv. and to the food ?upply afforded by his myriads,
are all their lives attuned. Their wants satisfied by
this facile chase, they can afford to save themselves
trouble by avoiding on?- another at time-, by respecting,
to a certain extent, one another's ranges, ami -o escap?
ing the ri-k of > ?aneen .11 and doubtful encounters. I'ew
of the wild creatures, with the exception of cert ail. males
in the mating _eason,care t?> fighl for fighting's sake,
or to loin battle, unie- in defense of their young, with
an antagonist of anything like equal powers. A victory
too COStly is almost a - bad for them a- a ?lefeat ; for it
leaves them weakened, so that they fall a prey t?> the
ii'-xt foe that chances ?along.
In these circ um-taii'?? it i not Strange that there
should be- si)-ns among the greater beasts of something
like a truce where tin it helpless young are concerned.
It is n<? matter of ?good will, by any mean-, but of com?
mon prudence merely; for when their young are
threatened, ?ven the weak are dangerous, ami the strong
become implacable in their ?vengeance. In general,
therefore, among equals, the raiding ?if nurseries i; not
regarded ;>* ?food bunting, The peril is t<?. great for
the profit.
Hut when the rabbits were gone all that was changed.
? Then anv hunting was good hunting.
It i hard to realize that little, palpitating, ?bulging
eve<l Bunny could exert -., vast an influence on the
economy of the wilderne ; bul there wa nom- o
rang or so haughty a? to reel indifferent to his going.
Even man himself was ton? lied; for the foxes and the
wildcat-? drew in about the settlements and harried the
bemoo I md pastures of the outlying farms. The
great herb eaters ?the red ?leer, the caribou, and the
gigantii moose himself were not exempt from the sod?
den anarchy; for tin- moo.- and tin- caribou had to
guard their ?young with a ?vigilance hitherto undreamed
of, and the weaker ?l?-?'r discovered that enemies he had
?been wool to despise had all at once grown formidable.
Of all the wilderness dweller- the bears, p?'rhaps, wen?
least ?affected. They had never taken more than a
chance- interest in quarry so elusive as the nimble rab?
bit; and flesh fo???I was never essential to them so lonj?
as roots and fruits and fungi, grubs and beetles, ants
and honey, were to be found in the forest. And when
the craving for flesh was not to be denied, it was big
game they hunted, slid) a- ?leer, or the M'ttlers' sheep,
or some strayed heifer that had lost her bell. Hut, for
all their lordlines- <.f independence, the b?-ars were
forced to take count of Master Rabbit's departure.
They were afraid to ?go anv distance from their dens,
lest in their absence sonic greatly daring lynx <?r foi or
tisher should slip in and kill the culis.
It was perhaps, on the other hand, the lynxes that
suffered most. They, with the w. a d -, were the most
assiduous hunters of the rabbit; and they somewhat
lacked the weasel'- adaptability and craft. They are
rather set in their ways, the Iviix?-; ami, though more
savaj-e and vastly more formidable than their -mailer
cousins, the wildcats, they are at the same tim?' far
shyer of man and all his works. Instead of following
the foxes and wildcats into the fringes of the settle
mentS, they stayed where they
were, and went hungry or hunted
dangerous game.
ltfEAR the top of a steep and
?l^' rocky knoll at the- heart ?.f a
cedar swamp a wise ol<l mother
lynx had her lair. The knoll was
an UpthniSl of broken strata, a
tangle of clef I rocks and stunted
birch and hemlock: and in a nar?
row mouthed cave near the sum?
mit was t he lair. I lew t he savage
mother felt that her litter was
ptcl t y well hidden. All ap
proaches !?? the den were narrow
anddi__cult,andit would bea bold
enemy indeed that would dare
the perilous entrance unless very
nie of getting clear away before
the mother's return. She- ven?
tured, therefore-, as few mothers
in that calamitous season could
Venture, to allow herself some
freed.un of range. And this was
well. For they were lusty an?I
hungry youngsters, thosestriped,
He Wheeled and Fled Wildly Through the Cedan.
velvety kittens, whose baby whimperings had ahn
something har-h and fierce in them, though they s '1
sprawled blindly in their nest; and t.? keep her bn ?
supplied with milk for their pi
to have g.xxl hunting.
Unlike some more fort?nate mothers of the wil
had to ear.- for her family alone. To her feroci .te
she dared not let their hiding place be kn??wn. ' in
some unnatural moment he should make a ' of
them. Ordinarily, except in mating season, l
little ?if each, other, this wild and sullen pair ! il in
this season of scarcity they often met for the p :
hunting down together some game too p?.\?. ? fur
either to manag ine.
Together, if fortu
thcm. they woul
pull down a buck
they had t Hid
dragged the car
thicket for safer hiding, the female would star' I . I* Bl
anxious haste to her .hn. The male would " ??
to follow her; but she would turn upon him in l
blaze of fury that he would jump back, sit U
great haunch.s, lick his bloodstained chaps,
at her with an innocence as demure as that o? my
Tabby that ever made way with 'he canary. The
prudent mother was nol to be deceived. Staring bade
over her shadowy gray shoulder, she would growl and
-pit and snarl till she was quite OUt 0. sight of
dangerous figure. Then she would wheel in he-r '
ami flash off in another direction. And her mat.
t.?. much respe? t for his hide to attempt to follow her.
(T)NE ?lay a- -he ?ame racing back home from <>:.
**-' these expeditions,?-now glMing like a tinker <<!
light, now bounding in great noiseless leap-. .. -inl'ien
foreboding -mote h.-r. She ha?! been away, perittp
little longer than usual. Lengthening ;i :-dt mit, she
shot forward ami in among the huddled rocks At
arrive-.! a whiff of pungent -. cut smote her BO?!
slu- caught sight of a streak of ruddy \
pearing under a bush. With one li^!,'
came down upon the bush. Hut the:. hing
there. She- saw a large fox tust whisking : ; i!l1'
next boulder. Por one agonised moment die hesita
FBging to pursue- am! rip him to shreil- with 1:? : '? ni?ie
daws. Hut the- mother pull ?a- (in. strong. She raced
on up to the den am! darted in with an anxious whimper
of inquiry.
Her kitie-ns were all there, undisturbed, and noi-ily
nosing for their meal as BOOfl as they felt her and smelt
her bendine over them. Hut -In- ha?! no time just then
to gratify their wants. Shew.?
too much concerned a.?'??
t luir enemies. diving them a
hurried lick of reassurance, to
t heir sciuallinj-indij-nat ion. she
left them abruptlv.
Sniffing carefully outside',
she quickly satisfied herself
that the t"?>x had com?'only to
within BOOM ten feet or ?
the entrance; but that **ag
more than enough for her
mother fe.irs. The en.my had
been reconaoitering, mm ?*
had*found the hiding place ot
her treasures. He **** ?*
en.'inv whom she dreaded, be?
came of his cunning 10 much
?Bperio. to her own. Besi-le
herself with rage and tear, she
searched everv ncx.kan.l W
i.eof the knoll; but of course