you i" be ome ,i Christian/ said Judge Oliver with <
nity, all his Methodism aroused.
"Ho! Me? W'h.i' fo'? Mus' I go swap my tl
heathen soul-? fo' one Clistian soul? Tellee me tli;
"".'?mr thr??- souls!" exclaimed the rancher.
"Chinaman got thlee souls when he die. One i
remain in bones, make him comf'able; one other s
in tombstone, make him (espectable; third soul
Happy-Happy place, feel velly nice all time/
"But, Bung, we're both getting old. We can't s
forever. We've been together on this ranch f<
good many years. an<! we're getting mighty used toe
other. You <U?n't like the idea o. quitting me, '1?? v
Bung?"
"Ah, no, Judge Ofivah, me no likee quit!" said
Hung with earnestness.
"Well, suppose we both died tomorrow ?wh
hould we go?"
"Vou go up Clistian Hepen; I go ?ver China Ha?
plat e."
"Would you like that, being separated by all
? i of th?.' sky and never able to see Judge Oliver
the folks around the ranch any more'"
Bung's one lacquered, unfathomable eye gazed w<
ward into the streak of glory fading behind the Co
Range. The evening was so nient one could hear i
? ones from the tall eucalyptus tree snapping against i
toot of the packing house. Suddenly the Chin.mi
rose and went to the door of his cabin.
"Goo'night, Mist' Boss." he said. "I go play t
|o s. Mebbe he fix it so 11 an workee for you in Clisti
Hi pill."
The white man turned away and left his faith
! "IV int to his devotions.
Tl I ' MG kept the altar of his Joss outdoors, for the ve
sensible reason tint the abominable smudge of l?nr
ing .does, punk, and rice paper would have suffocal
him in the two l>y four interior of his hut. Tonight
made an elaborate spread a! the little shrine, filling thr
large tomato cans with expensive joss sticks, lightin{
tallow candle decorated with sacred dowers, posting t
an extra row of lucky red wafers, and burning a large bu
die of paper prayers. Then he kotowed before the ho
place and repeated his peculiar petition: that he 1
-K-rmitted alter death to work for a Christian witha
sacrificing the religion and the pigtail which he rever?
i |ually to the depths of his three souls.
Bung retired with the chickens, his wonted custoi
The dim kerosene lamp thai illuminated his den reveal?
th?' simplicity in whi? li he lived. On the walls innume
able devil-chasing paper >, a clipping from the San Frai
o "Yal l'o" announcing the death of the Empre
Dowager, a colored lithograph of President Taft,
to. k-liar?l group of celestial Bowers, ?lone in majolic;
Inn there was ye! another object, an artii le of dreadf?
porten*, which Bung overlooked in his drowsy moo?
< in ,i soapbox near the head of the bare-boani sleepin
Im ti. h recline?! the evil thing a mirror! It was a pie?
ol i ink carelessnc - on Bung's part, leaving thai mirr?
there during the night ; for the Chines?.lies have tl-,
among ten thousan?! othei titions, one shoul
never sleep in the same room with a looking gl
the yau-kuri, or < vil ?inn, have a way of entering th
world through mirrors ami sliding into one's dreamt
where they drop unlucky thoughts ere they fly awaj
?eking triumphantly.
Twisting In precious pigtail aboul his head, Hun
re? lined on hi h-ud pillou. knowing nothing of the < lal
of Demons on the wall, Il was only a cheap, face di?
ng mirror, the kin ! any ten-? enl st< ?re will offer fo
., dime. Bul tlii is what it brought forth:
Bung dreamed he was hack ? m the ancestral farm nea
Canton, and thai the ky was all red and yellow. An?
was quite natural; for an army of < 'hii
in long frock coats liki i ?
ugh the heavi n with a he t of I reel
Suddenly one of th? fi< n ! look
.' Bung stai field. "Al
1. ? Bung,
m, "whj are you no! urith us?" \\ upon th?
reature swoofx !;
tail, and started up, up, up. A .
? las they aviat? :. almos! to th? he
I? ni-, hon lir of Bung'
rt? 1 com*>an\ with'he ?calp, an?l lown hk<
" ..'. Lu ifel I, down, .?..
"Ah, i-i-i-i-i ... ,,_ tut?1|,|ul^
ni floor. Pra; ing in the Ian
. . .
... . ...,.
mirror glaring the ?i ill. Hi I
death!
;? forth ini
?
Hie nighl
??tu U
?
...
?: familiar
...
? I
? ' An
. |
If 1
? ?
I !? that I i
l mai ? ? ....
?
tail to indicate < Finall
.... ? . . ranch,
A CAPTAIN
PART VI.
UNAFRAID
Narrated by CAPTAIN JOHN
O'BRIEN to HORACE SMITH
SE cargoes of arms ami ammunition
srere landed in Cuba by the Daunt?
less within a week, follow?.! by an?
other one two months Later; and the
Governments inability to convict
any o? those who played an active
pan in the expeditions set the Wash?
ington authorities by the ears. Presi?
dent < 'leveland was thoroughly angry
over the way in which his neutral?
ity proclamation had been defied,
and by his direction peremptory
commands wer?' issued thai he be?
lieved would certainly put an end to
filibustering. The Spanish Govern?
ment, which had been complaining
bitterly of our fn edom of action, was
advised of these additional precautions, and the chiefs of
both capitals took fresh hope that there would be no
further straining of their diplomatic relation,.
Increased activity by the Revenu?' Cutter Service
was ordered, and the Navy Department was called on
for assistance. The dynamite cruiser Vesuvius, under
Lieutenant Command? rjohn E. Pillsbury, was station? d
at Jacksonville t<> prevent any more expeditions from
leaving thai port. She remained there, off the Mar
ket-st. wharf, for mon- than a year. The fas! cruisers
Marblehcad and Raleigh and the light draft gunboat
Marietta were assigned to patrol the coast from Key
West to Jacksonville. In addition, there were half a
dozen revenue ?utters that watched tin ports north of
Jacksonville and cruised along the coast. The authori?
ties were confident that a barrier had been established
which it would be impossible f<>r us to break through.
On shore the force of detectives was largely increased,
and all customs officers were cautioned against slumber
when any suspected filibusters were in sight.
The Dauntless, having more than paid for herself
with the four landings she had made, had Keen sold t?>
a Jacksonville syndicate, and was being used as a tow
boat between Jacksonville and the bar at the mouth of
the St. Johns River. The Cubans reserved first call on
her, and were to pay much less than the regular price for
her servio ; for her owner- did not expect to profit
from her operations a a filibuster. By devoting the
Dauntless to lawful navigation for the greater part of
the time, he acquired a mixed reputation, in place of
one entirelv bad, ami the authorities were confu ?ed. It
never would have done for us to use one ship all the
time. The Time Friends was also towing between
Jacksonville and the bar. Both vessels were closely
watched !>y the Vesuvius; but unies; there was some?
thing suspicious in tlnir movements, or in the general
ituation, the war hip did nol follow them up and down
,: ?? nv?r ?in th.'ir routine trip-.
X>f V arrival soon starte?! orne talk thai we were plan
*? *? ning another violation of the neutrality law; but
I pretended to be ;< k, and was nol much in evidence.
The unfailing Pritot, for whose genius for deception I
had i ome to have great admiration, and I wen- working
together, and our tracks were o faint that no one
I able to follow them.
The clevi r deti tivi dei ?ded that, if there really wa ?
anything d< >ing, we would use the I launtless, on account
? record "f unvarying ??? ? : u we naturally
? ! tin Thret! Friends, ('..?.rv;.- I.. Baltzell, I
lector of Cu '"'H al lorn indina, twenty-live miles up
the. '. ' the mosl faithful kind of public ser
ni ? m ol llu few men in Florida who w? re not
ictive ympathizer with the Cubans, had been in?
dulging in much loud talk about filibustering. "They
nding expeditions out of Jacksonville whenever
they want to," he frequently declared; "'"it ! should
thei to get i me out of Fi rnandina, by
??;.. h! I'll nail '< m to th< ??? in :i holy minute if they
tari nyl hing h< n !"
Fernandina w? a good a place .. wi knew of to
-t^rt ft . concluded to accommodate the ex?
plosive Mr. Baltzell. When our plans were com*
rload
;iry equipment, including om Hotchki twel | under,
? ?' . ? ? hundred thou ?
'".'..?. , and a lot of small arms, dynamite, and mai
. i .nv ille. They were
n the I at ing not lahan and
lh( ir ' i >ni nts transferred t i two car
that 1 Bi port,
. . rs, empl ' .
m on ui'o |ai k onville, wh< n
ilay an?l night. The
... ..
('allahan ami run over to Yulee, Ix'twcen Ja ksonville
and Fei
'
'
Years' War, ml Ihe Ian II?
\ew York, men who
Be?
Cul
. . . . ?
? ! I a m pa Tin y
?
? '
i
to accompany the expedition as the repr??-? n'ative of
l'aima.
TI was arranged that the expedition should I? ? ?.-.? ,,n
;? Sunday night. The one thing of whk '. ? ? ?-., ,?i
Baltzell was -penally fond was draw poker ' : ? Sun.
?lav afternoon Napoleon Bioward, one of tu
the Three Prienda and afterward Governor ol 1
happened to be in Pernandina, and, a? he , ?] ; tl()(
leave until the next 'lav, he had no trouble m '
a poker game f<>r that evening, at which Baltzell w.-_
to sit in. At about the same time that !
little atT.r.r was arranged the 'Ihre?' Pri? 11
sonville with a schooner m tow. She reached ti r
lab in the afternoon, and, after casting ofl I
stood up the coast, apparently m st an h ' ? rtiotl
Soon after dark General Morales ai ? ?,
and two at a time, slipped unnoticed into ??,..,, untight? 1
passenger coaches standing <?n a dark sidetrack at ?'?,.
old F. C. & I', depot at the foot of Juli?-St., wir
not more than one hundred yards from Frito?'
office. Promptly at nine o'doi k an engine coupled onto
th.e apparently "dead" i oaches and t?H.k them r< iund the
city on the belt line. Pritot and I boarded it I
ing, after having eluded tin- detectives.
?m (?ur arrival at Fernandiria an unobtrusive :gn;_
to|,I us the poker game was in full swing and th? n was
nothing for us to worry about. The sped
run ?itit ?in a dock to which the Three Frier had
quietly tied up an hour before. The carg?
ferred to her without unnecessary noise or del . and
at daylight we were out of sight of town.
Baltzell raised a gnat ruction when In |
what had happened.
HI k destination was the San Juan Ri? ? ,,f
*-*' Cienfuegos, where the Dauntl? ? h
last cargo, much of which, on accoui '
getting it away from the beach, had fall ? ,
hands of tin- Spaniards. The lo of tl
interfered with the operations of Ci? ncral <
cattering death and destructi? n
Clara Province, and he wan'. ! otl
However much lie was ;n need of uppli i
great mistake to end th( m to Sal
tremely ha'! place to m ik< a Ian?)
We were off < 'ienfu? gos on th,' morning of Decvi ' ? r
If?. and laid there all day, fifteen mil? ? ut,
safe fp>m observation from the shore. A
was dark WC steamed a' full st,*
river. When we w? r>
?sh gunboal i an ' ' it of the i
a wonder she was showing no lights. Paglu
her un tir-v I topped th< engin? until I mad?
smoke; then it was "H i i and full spe .
Colonel Carbo and some of the other Cuban
lacked sharp eyes, had not een th? S| mi i
skeptical.
"You .ire running away from a sha low,"
throwing out his chest.
MI)o you think so?" I inquired with - n
"We'll wail and see."
[ jerked the bell with a topsignal; but bel
lo * way the gunboat banged away
pound ?hell, which splashetl no! far ah?
"That's what you might ? al! an anil
I suggested to th>' subdued Carbo as 1 h?
..gam at full speed, without the fainl I
tion from anyone.
A mom? ni later I made out two moi
or seven mil? away, .
to head US off. 'I heir apjH-arall. e n
there had been treachery in our camp,
knew where we were hound for had com?
the enemy, and the trap had been ni? ?
When ? saw the fix we were in I ordei
kiss twelve-pounder, which was lying box?
forward deck, into imi rvi? e. All
where it could have been used to much bet tel
was taken up with the 'lories in whi< h tl
' ?; led. There were scv? ral a?lv? nl
on board, and among th? m _ | l a
I Mike Walsh, who had been
United States navy. When Mike heard l big
box contain?! a iir.md ne? (?un he camel
offered his servi
"If you'll lei me handle it,"
-.-.-'? le lot ol
ften as you
how, " I toi? 1
?Gli ? ' : Mik? I!
Strani ? elled at th m the com?
a!"
"P .( d.rcill an I W
famili
Ralph D. Paii nd
....-...,?
lution. 1 ken along i
our " ?
plei
.... . ?
? ' : ? ild rui