never been a par? o? ufe. I've only been an educator
?n a narrow routine. I've had my board and a few
hundreds a year. I've had no parents, no sisters, no
brothers, no knowledge of what a home is. No woman
jando withoul a home. My soul has yearned for it.
I want a place where 1 can walk through rooms and
morns an ! rooms and call them mine; where 1 can pick
. flowers I want from a garden and pul them int.?
?U sorts of j'?Ks- where 1 can take 1.ks from shelves
??I lcive them scattered over tables; where I can see
?ill I' * ' . ? j 11**
fine linen <?n mahogany, and order meals and invite
nice people to eal them -people who don't know a
i * ? French!" She broke on suddenly with a Laugh
in it.
c me. 1 meant to 1?.* business like, and I've
-. ' ?dramatic. That wasn'l my cue. But 1
?a you why I too couldn't throw away so much
. thought. When you asked to meet
??.possible; but I had to seo what you were
I made up my mind to i*?? hack to French
n] tys ? I laying away ten dollars at a time to keep me
}r''.'. ? n in my old age."
?j ?? : id he*ard her story on his feet. At its end lie
Kjrned i i het gravely. "I think your ?ase i; more
n mn In view of the existing circum
_. ". i .-.i think you ?an make up your mind to
? ? my mother's urn for the next
so Anne Chisholm?"
.in their strange interview the
w01 icd hotly. She covered her feeling with her
"111 promise the cups shall be always
hot," she answered. Then she held oui her hand with
tin? frank reserve thai was lier eh.inn.
Harley took and held it, "I believe you may trust
?ne," he said almost gently. Then his manner t?.<>k on
its usual insouciance, as he tnrne.l to the electric bell.
"Shall we rail mir Min dried chorus to jog back
through that green door an 1 congratulate us?" he asked.
Trufitl delivered his formal cotutratulations, and es?
corted the pair to the el? vator. He was only legal as
he bowed his farewell; bul the human (-nn of genial
interest crept over hi.^ fa< i ..^ain as he turned away.
ANNE CHISHOLM'S wedding announcement
brought a shock toall Harley Grange's friends. He
bad found an heiress, i ? ?urted her, and married her before
bis world bad even heard <?f her existence. Hut the
world as soon as it knew lur found her very charming.
The new home was, by choice of both, in the country.
All through the spring it knew an unending succession
of guests. Hoth were happy. Anne filled her rooms
with flowers, and covered her table with all that was
beautiful of linen atvl silver and china. Harley, in his
pl.uid enjoyment of life-, as bis friends smoked his
tobacco an 1 drove his motors over smooth country
roads, felt Anne's presen? e at the bead of the table as
an added reason for bis deep and hearty content with
a home in which to rest bis travel-weary legs, a home
that was never a cage but always a refuge.
Except as one among many Harley saw little of
Anne. When they were occasionally alune he found
her a perfet t comrade, as sympathetic with silent moods,
as quick of compri'hension of his half-uttered whimsi?
calities. Slowly a friendship without a strain grew up
between them, a laughing camaraderie that kept tint;
to tlie surfte.- and ?lid ii"t touch the deeper tilings of
life.
UARLEY watched Anne's face one morning as she sat
?**??** behind his mother's urn, making him a . up of most
table coffee. Por once they were alone. Her fit?
ness for her surroundings struck him anew, her expan?
sion ?.I spirit and nature since she had been releas?'!
from bonds.
He tried rather clumsily to put his feeling into words;
Lut he was not much used to dealing with S'-ntiment in
t ',. open, and was soon driven back under his cover <<i
half-indifferent jesting.
Anne Laughed at him. "Don't pity me. That life
has gone forever, an 1 all my days now are in green
pastures. I wasn't wholly fair, cither, when I described
my college life. I was hot against it, and all Spontaneity
had been ground out of me. I told the very worst.
Plenty of the girls weren't stupid, and I liked lots of
them I was happy enough."
"Are you happier now? asked Harley.
'"Ves,'' she answered, with a quick, shy glance.
"So am I," said Harley slowly. "I have found som?
thing I had supposed Utopian, a home, and it's even
nicer than it was said to be."
"It is worth living years without things t<> realize an
id -al I.;* dly," said Anne. "That makes me think*. The
C ?:!''?:? i or. pjgr 14
THE FLYING EMERALD
By MARY STEWART CUTTING
I ted, incongruous, incredible!
? morning was a small sealed p.i k
I t fi m the village and tosse 1
? >od bj * ic tabl? ??? g lishes
no maid, and I was still a
We bad been married
id ???': *? ? t! is cheap little fur
. town, where we knew no
re was a breautiful, undul
? ? r me to transfer to canvas,
live somewhere els.-. V
. but plenty of hope.
s .id. gladly leaving her di
arm of my chair. "I did not
t ? anybody but Mr.
of raviston's jokes," I said.
?
? pli : "I. ? ?'. al t
f it. "Stu"
I
:
i!
I
?
?
i
sh< " ?k
meriild
nd v
'
?
ud Pan
? 'I: it were only
I la 1 :
?
ide ?1
ling. .
? writing
'
i
? keeping,
?
I this
;
? .r.l ? :
pai I
*.
:
in a
; ;. and
:
'
felt ii '
: ? ?
lablj-, and 1
- ' if to
that 1
"
: . It
nt 1 of ail
I ....
but
"Jerry, J 1, I
know, that this pap : ' ' the truth. I can't tell why,
but 1 feel it."
We talked long and earn? ?tly. It was ?-vident that
we must run a terribly large risk t" have such a sum
offered in payment. And what guaranty had we that 'h-1
reward would ever be paid, and Dy whom? Hut Pauline
said, "Fate has strangelv thrown a chance in our way,
Jerry; let us grasp it with lx>th hands."
S. it w.is decided, though against my lutter judg?
ment. This was the fii I I Februarj*. Well, we ought
to be able to hold the jewel f??r two days.
We ?vent wandering over the house looking for the
perfect hiding place. Our bare little rooms seemed
pitiably open to research. We tried to take up a plank*
under one of the homemade ru^s, and succeeded in
chipping off the wood ?vhile the board remained im?
movable. We could suggest no place within doors that
di 1 n<>t seem to tnvil tion, and the ground out
si le was frozen. Hut when 1 made up the tire an in?
spiration s? ized ni''. I wrapped the gem in piper, car?
"It Is ProbaMj On?' ..f T.nis ,n\ Jokes.*' I Said.
rie I it oui in my shovelful of ashes t" a little heap in the
back yard, and marked the spot with an oyster shell.
It would be safe then-.
I to k a view of our surroundings before going in.
Our cottage stood at the very end <>f the straggling
vil! ige treet The doct?>r's cottage was to the rij-ht <>f
us, open ground behind, woods in front, and woods on
the left which came up close t<> the house and spread
along the beach. There was no one in sight, and no
sound in the still, frosty air but the far ?.tT booming of
Ulf upon the shore. Win? liad ever thought "f
sending a priceless jewel here.-'
THH day was a long one, and broken by no incident
save one. I woke in the late afternoon from a doze
in tin- sitting room to fed that someone Was looking at
nie. "Pauline," I said, "is that you'" and peered into
the dusk. I call."! again, and Pauline answered me
from upstairs. I went outside; but there was no trace
<?! foot tepS on the frozen ground. Then I cleaned
up my pistol and curse 1 the owner of the emerald.
That night our lamp went out rather early. Pauline
had forgotten to till it. The other lamp was also empty,
and we had no candles; s?> we sat in the firelight, bask?
ing in the warmth, forgetful <>f the emerald, with long
silences betwi en our words. Suddenly we Were aware Of
a tiny. :-. raping sound, as of someone digging with an
in 'ii sp ?? .n in gravel. In an instant I was at the window,
lirini* oft my pistol, while Pauline shrieked. < >ur i.t-i-t-h
bor, aroused by the racket, threw up his window, an?!
an animate! conversation ensued. I explained that I
fcare ! burglars, and a few minutes later we were patrol?
ing the yard by the light of a Chinese 1 intern hastily
.'.'at up by th.- doct? r, while Pauline clung to me with
her eyes shut. Hut before this I had examined the ash
heap. Seme, .ne had been digging there: the ashes were
scattered around. I felt for the treasure it was there
intact. I hastily pocketed it. and we went the rounds.
I b .in wed the lantern and a cupl? o? caniles from
the doctor, and Paulin?- and I sat downstairs for the
rest ?'f the night, and kept up the ?ires, and dr.mk coffee.
We trie', to be gay. Pauline played on the mandolin,
and I sketched lier by the flickering candlelight; hut
it was eery work. We looked at the emerald: it scin?
tillated like a green witch light, and I cursed the sender
anew. I felt that I had be.n foolish in making a dis?
turbance that would convince the spy that we liad the
jewel. Vet my blood w.is up. I Would defend the tiling
now wit it my life, and outwit the creeping, stealthy in
fluence I felt at work around us! And 1 was for the
first time touched bytheconfi i "tu e reposed in me. How
many men would nave coveted the treasure for their
own? Hut 1 ?'.:;1! be trusted to hold i! for another.
T^HE next ?lay was a long strain upon the nervi ?.
Xothing whatever happened; but the air was fraught
with strange suggestions. I did not leave the house
until late m the afternoon, for ne? e -sary supplies; while
? r, who thought me extraordinarily agitated
over th? last night's s are, tayed with Pauline, [had
kept 1 emerald in my pocket all da} : but left it
behind at her entreaty.
The cri p, bracing air did me good, driving away all
uncanny feelings, with the aid O? con *:;'.:? S? nse. As I
came buk i'p.m the village the woods beyond were
quite dark; but our own little house was bathed in t1:?'
la t h ' "he setting sun. As I was admiring the
picture I uddenly beheld . : thing that In 11 me spell?
i. .und. a gigantic,wavering shadow proje? ted from the
farther side of the house, and, stret? hing half across the
narrow road, tin- shadow of the body and head of a man.
I felt for my pistol and crept cautiously up; but the
: I bel re I could re ich it. TI i